__

  * Home 
  * Firm Overview 
  * Attorney Profiles 
    * Mary Katherine Avery 
    * Annemarie E. Kill 
    * Samantha R. Donne 
    * Sydney Goggins 
    * Support Staff 
  * Practice Areas 
    * Family Law 
    * Employment Law 
  * Reviews & Ratings 
  * Contact Us 
  * Map & Directions 

Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display

  * Home 
  * Firm Overview 
  * Attorney Profiles 
    * Mary Katherine Avery 
    * Annemarie E. Kill 
    * Samantha R. Donne 
    * Sydney Goggins 
    * Support Staff 
  * Practice Areas 
    * Family Law 
    * Employment Law 
  * Reviews & Ratings 
  * Contact Us 
  * Map & Directions 

#### Call for Consultation

(312) 648-9707

Reviews and Ratings

#### Call For Consultation

(312) 648-9707

Contact the Firm

  * Home
>

  * Reviews and Ratings

###  Martindale Awards

**AV Preeminent®:** The highest peer rating standard. This rating signifies
that a large number of the lawyer’s peers rank him or her at the highest level
of professional excellence for their legal knowledge, communication skills and
ethical standards.

**Client Champion Gold** is awarded to lawyers/firms with at least 6 reviews,
with an average score of 4.2 or higher.

###  Martindale Ratings

Average Peer Rating

4.6/5.0

Average Client Rating

100%  client recommended

### Reviews (40)

Review Us

Our reviews are compiled from our profiles on the legal directory Lawyers.com.

  
Site | Rating | Reviews by date  
---|---|---  
  
|

5.0 / 5.0

|  2020-08-18 09:24:05

I have the highest regard for Ms. Kill as a seasoned experienced litigator. I
refer clients to her and never once has a client expressed the slightest hint
of concerns about her representation. She has achieved excellent results for
her clients.

-- Peer  08/18/2020  
  
|

5.0 / 5.0

|  2016-06-02 09:07:20

No description provided

-- Peer  06/02/2016  
  
|

5.0 / 5.0

|  2016-06-02 06:48:23

No description provided

-- Peer  06/02/2016  
  
|

5.0 / 5.0

|  2016-05-25 06:25:42

Annmarie is a formidable opponent but always very collegial and fair minded. I
have great respect for her.

-- Peer  05/25/2016  
  
|

5.0 / 5.0

|  2016-05-17 09:00:20

No description provided

-- Peer  05/17/2016  
  
|

5.0 / 5.0

|  2016-05-17 06:15:08

No description provided

-- Peer  05/17/2016  
  
|

5.0 / 5.0

|  2016-05-17 04:49:58

No description provided

-- Peer  05/17/2016  
  
|

5.0 / 5.0

|  2016-05-17 03:51:18

No description provided

-- Peer  05/17/2016  
  
|

5.0 / 5.0

|  2016-05-13

Ms. Avery is a true professional. I interviewed three attorneys to represent
me during my divorce and chose Ms. Avery because of her honesty and sincerity
(even though she cost a little more). She explained the entire process very
clearly. I would highly recommend her to any man who is going through a
divorce. Even though my wife and I ended up reconciling, I know that I had the
best possible representation had things proceeded. If I could give her and her
firm 10 stars I would!

-- Client  05/13/2016  
  
|

5.0 / 5.0

|  2014-05-23 15:07:20

No description provided

-- Peer  05/23/2014  
  
|

5.0 / 5.0

|  2014-03-10 10:28:04

No description provided

-- Peer  03/10/2014  
  
|

5.0 / 5.0

|  2014-03-05 18:48:34

No description provided

-- Peer  03/05/2014  
  
|

5.0 / 5.0

|  2014-03-05 11:54:46

Mary Katherine Avery is a truly extraordinary attorney who listens carefully
to her clients concerns and goals and then implements an aggressive and
vigorous strategy to attain those goals. Ms. Avery is an experienced trial
attorney, having practiced for 20 years in the field of family law, where she
is recognized and well known for her legal knowledge and skill. If you are in
need of an attorney for a divorce or child custody case you will not find a
better advocate than Mary Katherine Avery.

-- Peer  03/05/2014  
  
|

5.0 / 5.0

|  2014-03-03 17:21:31

No description provided

-- Peer  03/03/2014  
  
|

5.0 / 5.0

|  2014-03-03 14:39:33

No description provided

-- Peer  03/03/2014  
  
|

5.0 / 5.0

|  2014-02-28 12:35:13

Annemarie is an excellent plaintiffs' side employment lawyer. I have had
several matters with her and found her to be collegial, fair-minded, but tough
and appropriately aggressive in her litigation style.

-- Peer  02/28/2014  
  
|

5.0 / 5.0

|  2014-02-27

Ann Marie handled the QDRO aspect of my divorce. She was timely, thorough and
clear in her explanations as to me rights and how he bottom line was
calculated. I found her to be confident and knowledgeable. She was responsive
to my calls and very pleasant to deal with. She was not the primary attorney
on my case, but she was quite professional and diligent about the matter she
undertook.

-- Client  02/27/2014  
  
|

5.0 / 5.0

|  2014-02-27

Mary Katherine is very knowledgeable on the law, has very good courtroom
skills, and is well respected by the bar and bench. I was Mary's client in my
divorce, but I'm also a practicing attorney. I know the difference between a
solid professional and somebody who is just faking it. Mary Katherine is super
competent in multiple skill sets and is a very fine attorney. I would give her
the highest of professional ratings. She is also compassionate and possessed
of a good amount of common sense

-- Client  02/27/2014  
  
|

5.0 / 5.0

|  2014-02-27

Mary Katherine is wonderful. I would and have referred people to her several
times. She is very understanding and makes the whole process very comfortable.
She responds in a timely manner and always keeps you updated on what is going
on. She is wonderful

-- Client  02/27/2014  
  
|

5.0 / 5.0

|  2011-12-18 12:51:11

No description provided

-- Peer  12/18/2011  
  
|

5.0 / 5.0

|  2011-12-16 12:57:02

No description provided

-- Peer  12/16/2011  
  
|

5.0 / 5.0

|  2011-12-16 07:18:19

No description provided

-- Peer  12/16/2011  
  
|

5.0 / 5.0

|  2010-07-06

No description provided

-- Client  07/06/2010  
  
|

5.0 / 5.0

|  2010-03-25

No description provided

-- Client  03/25/2010  
  
|

5.0 / 5.0

|  2010-02-19

No description provided

-- Client  02/19/2010  
  
|

5.0 / 5.0

|  2009-08-03 09:41:04

No description provided

-- Peer  08/03/2009  
  
|

4.8 / 5.0

|  2014-03-03 17:47:26

Mary practices law with great integrity and in my view clearly meets the
criteria of General Ethical Standards. I would not hesitate to recommend Mary
to my friends and family members.

-- Peer  03/03/2014  
  
|

4.8 / 5.0

|  2010-02-25

Ms. Avery represented me in defending an order of protection. She was
thorough, kind and most importantly great at her job. She explained what I
should expect at each step and erred on the side of caution. She is/was a
little expensive but if you believe the cliche that you get what you pay for
she was worth the cost.

-- Client  02/25/2010  
  
|

4.6 / 5.0

|  2014-05-23 11:32:16

No description provided

-- Peer  05/23/2014  
  
|

4.6 / 5.0

|  2014-03-17 14:09:04

No description provided

-- Peer  03/17/2014  
  
|

4.4 / 5.0

|  2016-05-17 09:01:09

Excellent organizational and leadership skills

-- Peer  05/17/2016  
  
|

4.0 / 5.0

|  2016-05-17 07:55:46

No description provided

-- Peer  05/17/2016  
  
|

4.0 / 5.0

|  2014-03-12 03:51:00

No description provided

-- Peer  03/12/2014  
  
|

4.0 / 5.0

|  2011-12-29 18:28:17

No description provided

-- Peer  12/29/2011  
  
|

4.0 / 5.0

|  2011-12-24 11:41:58

No description provided

-- Peer  12/24/2011  
  
|

4.0 / 5.0

|  2009-08-03 19:34:18

No description provided

-- Peer  08/03/2009  
  
|

3.6 / 5.0

|  2011-12-16 17:21:13

No description provided

-- Peer  12/16/2011  
  
|

3.2 / 5.0

|  2009-07-24 10:40:43

No description provided

-- Peer  07/24/2009  
  
|

3.0 / 5.0

|  2009-07-27 10:21:58

No description provided

-- Peer  07/27/2009  
  
|

2.6 / 5.0

|  2014-03-02 15:10:27

No description provided

-- Peer  03/02/2014  
  
### Contact Us

#### Please fill out the form below and one of our attorneys will contact you.

Name *

!

Email *

!

Phone *

!

Comments *

!

Thank you. Your submission has been sent.

## Our Location

\-- **mi**

### **Main Office**

**Address**

40 East Huron St., Suite 6E  
Chicago, Illinois 60611

Get Directions

#### Call for Consultation

(312) 648-9707

  *   * 

  * Home 
  * Firm Overview 
  * Attorney Profiles 
  * Practice Areas 
  * Reviews & Ratings 
  * Contact Us 
  * Map & Directions 

__**Search**

Search __

__

Avery | Kill, LLC is located in Chicago, IL and serves clients in Cook County
and Chicagoland.

Attorney Advertising. This website is designed for general information only.
The information presented at this site should not be construed to be formal
legal advice nor the formation of a lawyer/client relationship. [ Site Map ]

See our profiles at Lawyers.com and Martindale.com

Martindale-Hubbell and martindale.com are registered trademarks; AV, BV, AV
Preeminent and BV Distinguished are registered certification marks;
Lawyers.com and the Martindale-Hubbell Peer Review Rated Icon are service
marks; and Martindale-Hubbell Peer Review Ratings are trademarks of MH Sub I,
LLC, used under license. Other products and services may be trademarks or
registered trademarks of their respective companies. Copyright © 2024 MH Sub
I, LLC. All rights reserved.

__

