Close Menu  * Home  * Call  * Email  * Search  * MenuThe Official Injury Attorneys of the Oakland Athletics. Venardi ZuradaThe Official Injury Attorneys of the San Francisco 49ers. Venardi ZuradaContact Us Today For a Free Consultation  Hablamos Espaol  (833) VZ FOR ME(833) 893-6763  * Home  * About Us    * Meet the Attorneys      * Mark Venardi      * Martin Zurada      * Terry Buller      * Mark Freeman      * Tony Venardi      * H. Larry Elam III      * Ryan Kraft    * Meet the Staff      * Shelley Venardi      * Unsook Zurada      * Christina Souza      * Noemi Gonzalez      * Tanya Castillo      * Brenda Vazquez      * Talytta Pinheiro      * Andrea Ramirez      * Desiree Barnes      * Estis Trampetti  * Personal Injury    * Accidents    * Animal & Dog Bites    * ATV Accidents    * Bicycle Accidents    * Boat Accidents    * Boat & Cruise Ship Accidents    * Birth Injuries    * Burn Injuries    * Car Accidents    * Construction Accidents    * Drowning    * E-Scooter Accidents    * FELA Railroad Worker Injuries    * Maritime Accidents    * Medical Malpractice    * Motorcycle Accidents    * Neglect & Abuse    * Nursing Home Injuries & Abuse    * Pedestrian Accidents    * Premises Liability    * Spinal Cord Injuries & Paralysis    * Toxic Torts    * Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI)    * Truck Accidents    * Wrongful Death  * Employment Law    * Wage & Hour    * Whistleblower    * Employment Contracts    * Employee Discrimination & Harassment    * Retaliation & Wrongful Termination  * Locations    * Oakland    * Walnut Creek  * FAQ Videos  * Reviews    * Testimonials    * Results  * In The News  * Blog  * Contact UsYour browser does not support the video tag. No Recovery **No Fee**Weve won over $100 million for our clients, so see what   we can do for you if youve been injured.**Respected** by Opposing Counsel  **Feared** by Insurance CompaniesOur Oakland injury lawyers are experienced at helping you gain the help   and compensation you need after an injury.Don't Deal With **Your Legal Matters** AloneWell stay by your side and fight for your compensation, throughout the   involved legal process of a Oakland personal injury case.$28+MillionSettlement$4.9Millionarbitration   award$4.8MillionSettlement$4.3MillionCORPORATE CASE   SETTLEMENT$3MillionMotorcycle   Accidents$3MillionBirthing   Malpractice$2.7MillionBirthing   Malpractice$2.7MillionJury Verdict$2.6MillionINSURANCE   SETTLEMENT$2.5MillionSETTLEMENT$2.35MillionToxic   Tort$2.3MillionTRIAL SETTLEMENT   award$2Millioncar   accident$2MillionTRAUMATIC BRAIN   injury$1.7MillionSettlement$1.5MillionWRONGFUL   TERMINATIONOUR AREAS OF PRACTICEOur diverse practice areas are united by a common theme: Protecting rights and securing compensation for those who have been wronged by others.Personal Injury Employment LawAccidents  * Boat Accidents  * Burn Injuries  * Car Accidents  * Motorcycle Accidents  * Construction Accidents  * Pedestrian Accidents  * Premises Liability  * Spinal Cord Injuries and Paralysis  * Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI)  * Truck Accidents  * Animal and Dog BiteMaritime Accidents  * Boating  Cruise Ship  * Tug and Barge Injuries / Accidents  * Commercial Fisherman Injuries / Accidents  * Seaman / Jones Act Injuries / AccidentsMedical Malpractice  * Misdiagnosis  * Birth InjuriesNeglect and Abuse Injuries  * Foster Home Abuse  * Nursing Home Injuries and AbuseWrongful DeathWage & Hour  * Misclassification  Exempt/Hourly  * Misclassification  Independent Contractor  * Overtime/Double Time  * Unpaid Hours  * Meal & Rest Break  * Pay Stub Violations  * Wage and Hour Record Keeping  * Class Action Wage & Hour Claims  * Retaliation for Complaints  * California Labor Commissioner Claims Whistle Blower Employment Contracts Employee Discrimination & Harassment   * Age Discrimination   * Religious Harassment   * Race or Color Discrimination  * Sexual Orientation/LGBT Discrimination  * National Origin Discrimination  * Pregnancy Discrimination  * Gender/Sex Discrimination  * Weight Discrimination   * Disability Discrimination  * Sexual HarassmentWrongful Termination# Oakland Personal Injury LawyersYouve Been Wronged. We Make It Right.## How Do We Do That? We Feel Your Pain. Then We Make the Judge and Jury Feel It too.If you have a personal injury or employment law dispute in Oakland, California, you can rely on the litigation attorneys at Venardi Zurada. We pride ourselves on providing excellent, dedicated, and personalized service to our clients. We care personally about the well-being of our clients, and we offer more than just outstanding legal representation: We offer advice, counsel, and personal service to our clients. We help injured clients get the medical care they need, and we offer advice to wronged employees to help them through times of crisis.When you get hurt through someone elses actions or negligence, you may have to deal with a lot of recovery time and bills. However, you shouldnt have to deal with it all by yourself, without compensation. The professional **Oakland personal injury** **lawyers** at Venardi Zurada are experienced at helping you gain the help you need after an injury.If you live around Oakland, including Walnut Creek, CA, our personal injury attorneys can help you. We have years of experience with trial cases, and our main focus is on getting you the best outcome possible. You can trust that our Oakland injury lawyers will work their hardest to help you. Throughout the involved legal process of a personal injury case, well stay by your side and fight for your compensation.Weve won over $100 million for our clients, so see what we can do for you if youve been injured.### There is NO FEE until we win.We bring dedication, intelligence, and personal attention, along with decades of experience to the table. We use that combination to get our clients the compensation they need and the justice they deserve. Can we help you, too? Find out. Contact our Oakland personal injury lawyers today for a free case review.## Experienced Oakland Injury Lawyers With Decades of Excellent Service to Northern CaliforniaThe Oakland personal injury lawyers at Venardi Zurada have dedicated their professional lives to serving the people of California. If you need representation for a claim involving personal injury, wrongful death, unpaid wages or employment discrimination, our experienced litigators have the skillset to get results. Our _Oakland personal injury team_ has spent decades cultivating the respect of clients, professional colleagues, and the courts.You can be confident in relying on our zealous and effective Oakland personal injury lawyers:  * We have served Northern California for over 35 years.  * Our attorneys have been honored with numerous accolades, including SuperLawyers, AV Rating, and Top 100 Trial Attorney Awards.  * In our decades of legal service to the community, we have garnered a substantial reputation. We are respected by opposing counsel, feared by insurance companies, and followed by jurors.  * We combine Big Firm experience with boutique office attention and care. Several of our attorneys have experience working for the biggest law firms in the country, including the most prominent maritime defense law firm. Our attorneys rely on that big-firm know-how but prefer the personal touch of a smaller firm, allowing us to provide individualized and attentive representation to each of our clients.  * Weve been through it, too. Attorney Mark Venardi had to personally deal with a medical malpractice injury he suffered at a time when he was working a blue-collar job on an offshore oil rig; he knows what its like to be a working man dealing with a personal injury. He built his way up to working for the biggest maritime defense firm in the country, before deciding to focus on helping people like himself who were hurt by negligence and mistreatment from others.  * We like to fight for the underdog. Attorney Martin Zurada is an immigrant and the son of immigrants who tirelessly worked his way up through education and experience to attain the American dream. Even though he has served in large, high-level litigation law firms, he prefers helping clients directly, fighting against injustices, and securing victories for the little guy who has been wronged.  * We win. We have secured multi-million dollar verdicts and settlements. In our combined tenure, we have recovered tens of millions of dollars for our clients across our broad areas of practice.  * We care first and foremost about our clients. We dedicate ourselves to serve each and every client personally, and we make ourselves available to our clients around the clock.  * There is no cost to you until we win. If we dont make a recovery for you, we will not collect a fee. And all initial consultations are free of charge.## Dedicated Areas of PracticeWe offer a wide range of litigation services for Oakland personal injury and employment law clients. Specifically, our areas of dedicated practice span the following issues:**Employment Law.** California employers must assure proper pay to employees and comply with a variety of rules and regulations to prevent discrimination and unfair treatment of employees. We represent victims of wage and hour violations, employment discrimination, workplace harassment, retaliation, wrongful termination, and any other form of California workplace mistreatment. If you believe you were treated inappropriately at work, we can help.**Personal Injury.** If youve been injured due to anothers negligence, you deserve compensation. Thats where we come in. As Oakland personal injury attorneys, we right the wrongs done to our clients. And we do it at our cost during the entire duration of your case. There is never any fee until we win. Give us a call if you have been hurt in a car accident, by a toxic spill or contamination, as a result of medical malpractice, due to abuse or neglect, in a maritime accident, by a vicious animal attack, or any other incident caused by someone elses negligence.## The Sooner You Speak to an Oakland Personal Injury Lawyer, the Stronger Your Chances for Recovery Will Become.Contact the Oakland personal injury lawyers at Venardi Zurada today, and lets get started. We are available to talk any time, so whether you call, email or chat online, well respond and set up an appointment to meet you. We have several Spanish speakers in the office and welcome the opportunity to cater our services to Oaklands Spanish-speaking population. You pay no fee until we win for you, so you have nothing to lose by contacting our office for a free consultation. The sooner you call, the faster we can start getting results for you. Call 833-893-6763.Share This Page:WHAT OUR **CLIENTS ARE SAYING**Our clients appreciate the service they get from us, especially our personal attention, honesty, caring, professionalism, and the results we achieve. We know because they tell us so. See what our clients have to say about working with our firm.I am so grateful for everything that my lawyer, Terry Buller, and paralegal Christina Souza did to settle my personal injury case after I was hit by a car in a crosswalk. They were very kind during a time of great pain and distress. They were so organized and efficient...Read More\- Daryl G.Professional and showed great empathy in an otherwise horrible situation. Definitely recommend!\- Adrian R.If you are looking for a law firm that genuinely cares about you, the client - look no further! The staff at Venardi Zurada take the time to listen, empathize, and rely on their years of experience to navigate a path forward. It is no wonder they have so many...Read More\- Lex N.Finding super competent attorneys to help you fight the car insurance company or employer for your rights and win takes work. I have known Martin and Mark for many years, and I am in awe of their winning record and the professionalism they put into their cases. Most importantly, they...Read More\- Artur U.Highly recommended for your legal services. Very professional and empathetic team. They ensured that accident injury case was resolved satisfactorily and we very courteous throughout the ordeal. In addition, they negotiated with healrh insurance companies on my behalf so I have to deal with with calls for medical reimbursement\- Chijioke J.My experience was a manageable one in a difficult situation. Martin Zurada and his associates were professional, thorough,and patient with me Communication was great and I would definitely recommend them.\- Patricia D.Attorney Tony Venardi and his Paralegal Christina Souza were great to work with following my auto accident. Tony was very attentive to my injury and needs, and Christina was excellent about keeping me up to date with the settlement. Again, highly recommended for those who have suffered injury following an...Read More\- Daniel V.Terry, Mark, Andrea and Christina are an amazing team! It was reassuring knowing that they are fighting for your best interests. They are personable, professional and experienced. I have been very satisfied working with them and I have recommended them to friends. Trust these wonderful people with your legal needs.\- Russell W.A friend recommended Venardi-Zurada to me and I am so glad she did! Mark Venardi, Martin Zurada and Christina Souza were professional, supportive and used their expertise to reach the best outcome for my case. I'm happy to recommend this firm.\- Laura P.Christina, Mark, Terry & Martin were amazing! It was such a seamless process working with them. I came to them looking for help with a bad car accident and they agreed to take on my case. They were very attentive to details and answered all my questions. I highly recommend...Read More\- Kirk R.I am very grateful for the help I received from Venardi Zurada LLP, Oakland lawyers, especially the team, Terry, Martin, Tony, and Christina. Their service always exceeded my expectations. At any time I need them they are always available to help and highly professional. I recommend Venardi Zurada LLP, Oakland...Read More\- Tina B.They are very informative and professional!\- Hai Doung S.Venardi Zurada law firm represented me in an employment case. My attorney was Martin Zurada. He is an amazing person and excellent lawyer! He handled my case with a lot of care. He was with me every step of the way keeping me well informed. He always gave me his...Read More\- Oksana C.Martin, Tony, Christina and the Venardi Zurada team are wonderful to work with. I am so grateful to them for listening to me and working to resolve my case. Martin was very easy to work with and explained each step in the process. I was impressed by how quickly he...Read More\- Ally S.Incredible service. My injury occurred before the pandemic and then the pandemic hit and it was impossible to get a court date and that stalled things. These guys played every card right. I was so impressed with their competency and knowledge of what they were doing. The final result was...Read More\- Jack D.When my wife was involved in a car 8 car accident we reach out to law office of Martin Zurada. With the help of Christina Souza and Martin, my wife ordeal was taken car of during the entire ordeal. They help us cope with any problems and truly batted for...Read More\- Carlos M.My mom passed away in a horrible car accident back in June. I was distraught and overwhelmed, not knowing where to start. I decided to hire consult an attorney to handle the insurance and legal aspects of the accident. From the moment I talked with Mark Venardi and Christina Souza,...Read More\- Teresa P.The Venardi Zurada LLP handled my case very well ! Special thank you to Mark Freeman and Christina Souza for your excellent and professional work .\- Angie A.Couldn't be more pleased and happy to recommend the services of Terry Buller (attorney), an effective, caring, and responsive advocate, and Christina Souza (paralegal), who is extremely helpful, organized, and efficient.\- Linda H.I have done business with this firm for many years and I still refer friends and family whenever I have an injury or car accident I call Venardi Zurada, as a matter of fact they are on speed dial. They have a winning track record. Venardi Zurada is EFFICIENT, COMMITTED, COMPASSIONATE...Read More\- Geraldine W.I highly recommend Martin Zurada as an attorney. He was referred to me by a family friend. I'm so happy she encouraged me to hire him. I was so pleased with his work! I believe his attention to detail, communication skills, work ethic, guidance, and many years of expertise helped...Read More\- Anna W.Nobody likes dealing with the law after injury. However, I found Venardi Zurada firm to be well organized, they helped the process seem smooth and easy while I was recovering.\- Lloyd R.Vernardi Zurada fought for me and got me a very good settlement even though my case was difficult. From the first time I spoke with attorney Blair, I new I had the right law firm, and Christina, their legal secretary, is amazing. I definitely recommend them and I would hire them...Read More\- Kathy W.We were very happy with being represented by this law firm. Martin Zurada is very professional and knowledgeable and he has helped us before and we highly recomend him should you need legal representation . Also we think Christina Souza is a great asset to his firm and always was...Read More\- Patricia P.I was recommended by a friend and I wasnt disappointed everyone was extremely helpful and so welcoming. They took me step by step and made sure I understood everything. I definitely recommend this place to anyone and know that your are going to be taken care of and treated with...Read More\- Alex G.I recently contacted Venardi Zuradi about a recent fall. I received an immediate response and was given extremely valuable information on what next steps to take. I was very impressed with the integrity of the firm and their true compassion in helping others. 5 stars to this wonderful team of...Read More\- Penny E.Great team! I called to get information regarding my case, from the start they were very informative and sweet. They are a very well organized firm, and would recommend them to others.\- Jennifer Z.Terry Buller handled my sons PI case and he did it with impeccable professionalism, knowledgeable and empathy. His assistant, Christine, was also a great source of knowledge, advice, and compassion through every twist and turn along the way. Terry is stepping back his lead role and is now serving as...Read More\- Lisa C.I really appreciated Mark Freeman and Venardi Zurada LLP, they were great help and were very understanding of my predicament. Communication was always available and consistent and amicable. Mark is an amazing lawyer and went above and beyond my expectations. I would absolutely recommend them to anyone who has issues...Read More\- Ava B.They were very helpful and capable with my accident personal injury case! It was not an easy or entirely straightforward case. But I got a great settlement and am so happy with their representation! Really thankful to have found them, so glad I worked with them. And Mark Freeman is...Read More\- Stephanie C.After a bad bike accident caused by an uncovered EBMUD access hole in the middle of the street I was referred by a friend of a friend to Terry Buller to handle recovering damages from my accident. Terry put me in the very capable hands of Martin Zurada 3 years...Read More\- Shawn V.Both Mr. Zurada and Mr. Venardi are very experienced and highly-skilled in litigation, but more importantly, they treat their clients with the UTMOST respect and kindness. I cannot stress how incredibly wonderful they both are, as well as their staff. They will work and fight for you as one of...Read More\- Meghan B.Compassionate and empathetic support for their clients while working as a team in a professional, businesslike manner to reach a common goal.\- Christoph L.Mark is a thorough, skilled, and effective advocate for his clients. I never hesitate to refer matters to him because I know he'll do an excellent job.\- Robert B.I needed a reputable personal injury, firm to represent me against a very big corporation. I was injured by a careless employee who hit me with some equipment. I was completely blameless because I was hit from behind. This big corporation fought tooth and nail for three years, but my...Read More\- Kimberly S.It is almost impossible to find a better Attorney than Mark. His professional approach, quick understanding of the issues, development of a sound strategy, meticulous preparation of petitions and presentation in the courts is unbeatable.He is a great human being with outstanding integrity , proficiency and humility. Members of his...Read More\- Yashpal S.I want to thank you for all your splendid work on my behalf and your kindness to my wife while I was laid up. I cant tell you what a relief it was to me to know my situation was in such good hands. Thanks again for all you did...Read More\- Tim W.Martin and Mark are both great! From the beginning they ask all the right questions, they provide proper and timely information, they empathize with your concern and they dont rest till they find a resolution to your concern. Mother Teresa once said: Let no one ever come to you without...Read More\- Jimmy R.I met with Venardi Zurada regarding an issue with a previous employer, both attorneys sat down with me for a couple hours to discuss my potential case. I felt that they listened to what I had to say and they really had my best interest in mind, so I ended...Read More\- W AThanks for being the barrier between me and the contentious bias on the other side of the slip and fall. Ive had a tough go of it and really appreciate that your were there to shoulder the negotiation of a close. I wish you the best in your future cases...Read More\- SusanThey are real people. Caring, honest, up front and work hard and go out of their way to help you. I have recommended them several times.\- Diana K.I retained Mark after consulting him regarding issues I was experiencing with my employer. Marks advice was spot-on, and he was extremely generous with both his time and billing. More importantly, Mark fought diligently for my rights throughout the process ensuring I was not taken advantage of. It can not...Read More\- Chris C.Martin Zurada recently helped me navigate through a legal contract quickly. He is always prompt, on point, patient, professional, and kind. He is an exceptional lawyer.\- Jeanny M.Great lawyers. Methodical, analytical and persistant.\- Gareth L.My partner and I had an ugly disputen with an associate in a Fin Dis San Francisco restaurant. Fortunately for us we met Martin (Believe it or not though a recommendation of another attorney that recently had lost a case against Martin) Martin immediately showed his experience in business legal...Read More\- Enrique U.Unparalleled legal representation as well as true customer service.\- Darci T.Martin Zurada is a phenomenal attorney with insight, experience and integrity. He delivered stellar results on a very complex case for us.\- Gilbert V.I had a consultation with Mr. Martin Zurada and not only he was generous with his time but also gave clear honest answers. Mr. Zurada is a trustworthy lawyer.\- Jessica A.Weve had a long and painful business litigation that lasted about 2 years and ended in our favor. If I had to go back and choose once again, it would have been Martin Zurada again. After 2 years I can write a book about being in a lawsuit and Martin...Read More\- Olga O.You have to provide service to people who are hurt, angry, and frustrated and I appreciate that you do it so graciously, and so professionally too.\- SusanGreat attorneys who work on your case with passion. Highly recommended.\- Ray S.I cant say enough about how impressed I was with Martin. Not only is he a highly experienced lawyer, but, he was always accessible and truly caring. If there is a better law firm out there. I have yet to find it. Martin, and his associate Mark Freeman, are a...Read More\- Harold H.I love this Group, they werent just my Attorneys they became my friends.\- Antionette R.I found Mr. Martin Zurada to be extremely qualified, knowledgeable and straight forward. He is always available to me and were quick to respond to my questions, whether by phone or email. I appreciated the no-nonsense approach Mr. Martin Zurada took in his communication. While friendly and engaging, he didnt...Read More\- Amarnadh K.My wife and I needed a good attorney to help us in a personal injury case and Martin Zurada came highly recommended. We met with Martin and we felt very comfortable with him and confident we made the right choice. He proved to be the best we could have hope...Read More\- Mark N.Meet **Our Team**Mark Venardi Partner  *   *   * Mark Venardi was born in 1962 in Seattle, Washington. He was raised in Peoria, IL, a Midwest blue-collar town. He enlisted in the United States Coast Guard and proudly served from 1980 through 1985. He spent the first two years on a sea-going tug performing search and rescue and marine law enforcement from the Grand Banks to the Windward Passage aboard the Coast Guard Cutter Tamaroa, which was the Coast Guard vessel that performed the rescue in The Perfect Storm. Read MoreMartin Zurada Partner  *   *   * Martin was born in 1974 in Gdynia, Poland which, at the time, was a nominally independent communist dictatorship occupied by the USSR. The economic conditions were generally bleak under communist rule. They became even worse in 1981 when the Polish government, at the request of the USSR, crushed the Solidarity movement and imprisoned its leaders for seeking political and economic change. Read MoreMark Freeman Senior Trial Attorney  *   *   * Mark is a Senior Trial Attorney at Venardi Zurada. He has worked at the firm since 2013. Mark is devoted to helping people that have been injured or treated unfairly in the workplace. One of his best experiences involved serving as trial counsel for a young woman injured in a terrible car wreck; the jury justly compensated our client. Mark fights to ensure that insurance companies and employers do the right thing. Read MoreTony Venardi Associate Attorney  *   *   * Tony Venardi is an Associate Attorney with Venardi Zurada LLP. Mr. Venardis practice focuses on cases covering employment law, business litigation, personal injury, and any other litigation matters for the firm. Born and raised in Los Angeles, Mr. Venardi graduated from the University of Southern California with a Bachelors in Business Administration. However, he felt compelled to turn his career path in another direction and attended the Sandra Day OConnor College of Law in Arizona where he obtained his Juris Doctorate in 2020. Read MoreTerry Buller Of Counsel  *   *   * Terry Buller was born in Cleveland Ohio in 1950, spent his childhood in Buffalo New York until his family moved to California when he was 12. He attended Serra high school in San Mateo and grew up in San Bruno. As the oldest of seven children, he had to work in a gas station to support himself through college. He was the first in his family to graduate, magna sum laude, from San Francisco State University. He began a graduate school program in experimental psychology, but changed paths after a year to enter law school. Read MoreShelly Venardi Office Manager  *   *   * Shelley grew up in a Teamster family in California and graduated from one of the last graduating classes at Pleasant Hill High School. After high school, she swam for and attended Diablo Valley College and was a member of the team that won the national championships. Shelley then attended Texas A & M University (Go Aggies) on a full-ride swimming scholarship. While there she was diagnosed with Leukemia. Shelley returned to California to receive an experimental treatment protocol at Stanford University. We are all eternally grateful and thankful that the protocol worked, and Shelley has been cancer-free for 30 years. Read MoreUnsook Zurada Office Manager  *   *   * Unsook immigrated to the United States with her family from South Korea when she was 5 years old. She grew up in California where her parents ran a small grocery store for over 30 years. Unsook moved to Massachusetts to attended college, and then returned to California. She worked for a small Human Resources consulting company where she gained experience in unemployment and employment laws. Read MoreChristina Souza Paralegal  *   *   * Christina Souza is a Paralegal with 27 years of experience. She has spent 25 of those 27 years helping injured individuals navigate the grueling claims and litigation process. She started her career in the workers compensation field and within two years she expanded into the personal injury field. She worked for the defense for two years in the middle of her career before deciding to return to plaintiffs work. She obtained her Paralegal certificate in 1995 from Merritt College in Oakland. Read MoreNoemi Gonzalez Paralegal  *   *   * Noemi Gonzalez is a legal assistant with 25 years of experience. She began her legal career working for a sole practitioner in bankruptcy law. A few years later she changed practices and started with a firm that handled personal injury cases and estate planning. Noemi last worked for a local law firm in Walnut Creek that handled nationwide cases involving mistreatment/abuse of special needs children in schools by teachers and paraprofessionals. At the end of the day, she finds gratification helping clients reach and receive satisfactory compensation and justice. Read MoreTanya Castillo Marketing Director  *   *   * Tanya Castillo joined the firm in early 2020 as a Legal Assistant and was promoted to Marketing Director in 2022. She came with a passion to help others in their time of need and has extensive experience in conflict management. She holds a certificate in Freight Brokering from California State University, San Bernardino. Tanya is the mother of one daughter, aged 13, who is active in competitive cheer. During her free time, Tanya enjoys being a cheer mom, hiking, and traveling. She also has a passion for cooking and entertaining family and friends. Read MoreBrenda Vazquez Legal Assistant  *   *   * Brenda Vazquez joined the firm in November 2022 as a Legal Assistant. She joined the team after graduating from California State University at Chico with a B.A. in Criminal Justice. Brenda has a deep desire for helping clients who have been injured and has a great passion for working in the legal field. In her free time, she enjoys going to the gym, traveling, and relaxing with friends and family. Brenda is also fluent in Spanish. Read MoreTalytta Pinheiro Paralegal  *   *   * Talytta Pinheiro is a paralegal who joined the firm in November of 2022. She started her career in criminal defense, specifically providing post-conviction relief. She graduated from UC Davis with a major in Sociology and an emphasis in social policy and Portuguese. She is a native speaker of Portuguese, fluent in Spanish, and speaks some Italian. Talyttas passion for law was inspired by her grandmother who was a social justice advocate in Brazil. She is the youngest of five and spends most of her free time with her family. Read MoreH. Larry Elam III Senior Trial Attorney  *   *   * Henry Larry Elam III was born in April 1962 in Los Angeles, California. He was raised in Pasadena, California. He always knew that when he grew up, he would be a veterinarian. He loves animals, but despite his love of animals, he was drawn and guided to the practice of law to help people. Read MoreRyan Kraft Senior Trial Attorney  *   *   * Ryan grew up in Chicagoland where he acquired a thick accent and thicker skin. To this day, he loves hot dogs and hates the snow. In 2001, Ryan and his family moved to Arizona, where he graduated from high school and attended journalism school at the University of Arizona in Tucson. Read MoreEstis Trampett Paralegal  *   *   * Estis Trampetti is a paralegal at Venardi Zurada. With over 11 years of experience, Estis began her career as an intake coordinator at an injury law firm. Her interest in law coupled with her compassion for people led her to the next role as a legal assistant handling nationwide cases for special needs children abused and mistreated in school. Estis graduated Honors Magna Cum Laude from Chaminade University in Honolulu with a BS in Criminology and Criminal Justice. She is a native speaker of Spanish and enjoys interpreting and translating for clients.Read MoreAndrea Ramirez Receptionist  *   *   * Coming soon.Desiree Barnes Bookkeeper  *   *   * Desiree joined Venardi Zurada in the summer of 2023 as the firms bookkeeper. She graduated from Las Positas College in Livermore CA with an A.A. and now has over 25 years of accounting experience. Desiree finds great satisfaction in making and keeping financial records reliable, accurate and useful to a companys management.Read MoreSCHEDULE A   **FREE CONSULTATION**Fill out the quick form below and tell us a little bit about your case, and well get your message to the right member of our team who can assist you.By submitting this form I acknowledge that contacting Venardi Zurada LLP, Attorneys at Law, through this website does not create an attorney-client relationship, and any information I send is not protected by attorney-client privilege.protected by reCAPTCHA Privacy - TermsOakland1418 Lakeside Drive, Oakland, CA 94612  PH: 510-832-4295 PH: 510-832-4298 (Espaol)  FX: 510-832-4364Walnut Creek101 Ygnacio Valley Rd., Suite 100, Walnut Creek, CA 94596  PH: 833-893-6763 PH: 510-832-4298 (Espaol)  FX: 925-937-3905  *   *   *   *   * Site Map  * Disclaimer(C) 2020 - 2024 Venardi Zurada. All rights reserved.   This law firm website and legal marketing are managed by MileMark Media.