Skip to content##  Law Offices of Robert E. MuirLEGAL COUNSEL FOR REAL ESTATE AND BUSINESS MATTERS  * About Robert Muir  * Professional Team  * Published Real Estate Articles  * Verdicts and Settlements  * What Clients are Saying  * Contact and Directions  * About Robert Muir  * Professional Team  * What Clients are Saying  * Published Real Estate Articles  * Verdicts and Settlements  * Contact and Directions  * About Robert Muir  * Professional Team  * What Clients are Saying  * Published Real Estate Articles  * Verdicts and Settlements  * Contact and Directions  * ### 110 West A Street, Suite 625  San Diego, CA 92101  * ### #### **(619) 231-6500**  * ### rm@muirlaw.comSPECIALIZING IN**Real Estate Law****Real Estate & Business Litigation****Real Estate & Business Transactions****Civil Litigation, Arbitration & Mediation****Real Estate Brokerage Law**SPECIALIZING IN**Real Estate Law****Real Estate & Business Litigation****Real Estate & Business Transactions****Civil Litigation, Arbitration & Mediation****Real Estate Brokerage Law**##  Law Offices of Robert E. Muir110 WEST A STREET, SUITE 625, SAN DIEGO, CA 92101-3707 | (619)231-6500 | rm@muirlaw.com#  Legal Counsel for Real Estate and Business Matters  * **Robert Muir** has over 35 years of experience in real estate law, real estate brokerage law, real estate and business transactions and litigation, civil litigation, arbitration, and mediation.##  Real Estate Matters  * Disputes: Represent parties in lawsuits, arbitrations, and mediations on issues related to breach of contract, fraud, disclosure, misrepresentation, co-ownership, easements, boundaries, encroachments, title insurance claims, construction defects, commission and escrow disputes, professional negligence including broker and property manager liability, elder financial abuse, CC&Rs, HOA's, DRE license matters, landlord and tenant, financing, and insurance.  * Transactions: Advise buyers, sellers, and real estate licensees on residential and commercial real estate sales, purchases, and leases, and prepares documents and agreements for these transactions, including deeds and easements.## Business and Commercial Matters  * Represent individuals, partnerships, and corporations including advising on operations, preparing contracts for sale and purchase of businesses and properties.  * Represent clients on business disputes and litigation, including breach of contract, fraud, commercial lease disputes, partner disputes, collection of accounts, and enforcement of judgments.## Professional Rating  * Robert Muir holds the highest, "Preeminent AV Rating," for professional excellence and ethical standards from Martindale-Hubbell Law Directory, a nationally recognized publication that evaluates attorneys.  * Muir has been included in the _San Diego Magazine_ annual list of "Top Attorneys" in San Diego each year since 2013.## Background  * In 1981, Muir began practicing law in San Diego. For 15 years, Muir practiced with an "AV-Rated" five-attorney civil litigation, business, and real estate law firm in downtown San Diego. In 1999, Muir opened his own law firm at its current location.##  Professional Activities  * Arbitrator for the San Diego Superior Court (1994 - 2005) and American Arbitration Association (1988 - 1996) on business and commercial disputes.  * Instructor of contract law (1987 - 1990) and business law (1986 - 1987) at the University of California, San Diego Extension.  * Seminar panelist before professional groups including the San Diego County Bar Association, the San Diego Association of Realtors, and the National Conflict Resolution Center.  * Written over 25 legal articles that have appeared in San Diego Lawyer, Orange County Bar Journal, San Diego Realtor, Rental Owner (S. D. County Apartment Assoc.), and other professional publications.  * Past chair (1987 and 1997) of the Realtor/Attorney Committee, a joint committee of the San Diego Association of Realtors (SDAR) and the San Diego County Bar Association.  * Member of SDAR's Risk Management Committee (1992 - present) which develops real estate forms used in San Diego.  * Affiliate member of SDAR since 1986. Named Affiliate of the Year in 2011.  * Member, California State Bar and San Diego County Bar Association.  * Intern to U.S. Senator in Washington, D.C.; Office of County Counsel, San Diego; and Office of City Attorney, San Diego.  * Testified before U.S. House of Representative Sub-Committee on a real estate issue.  * Expert witness on real estate issues.  * California real estate broker license.## Education  * B.A., Departmental High Honors, 1975; M.A. 1976, University of Hawaii.  * J.D., California Western School of Law, 1980. Received I.H. Prinz Medal Competition Award and American Jurisprudence Award.  * Trial Advocacy and Evidence Workshop, certificate program by San Diego Inn of Court.  * Trial By Masters, American Board of Trial Advocates, San Diego Chapter.  * Real Estate Mediation, Straus Institute for Dispute Resolution, Pepperdine University School of Law. 2024 Law Offices of Robert E Muir. All Rights Reserved.Scroll To Top __