__

__

  * Home 
  * About Us 
    * Our Attorneys 
      * David R. Cashdan 
      * Michael G. Kane 
    * Our Results 
    * Online Reviews 
    * Our Areas of Practice 
  * Labor & Employment 
    * Discrimination & Sexual Harassment 
    * Wrongful Termination 
    * Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
  * N.J. Employment Law 
    * Severance Agreements & Employment Contracts 
    * Wage & Hour Law in N.J. 
    * Overtime Law in N.J. 
    * Workplace Harassment FAQs 
    * LAD Anti-Discrimination Provisions 
    * Conscientious Employee Protection Act (CEPA) 
    * Employment Law Videos 
  * D.C. Employment Law 
    * Severance Agreements in D.C. 
    * Wrongful Termination in D.C. 
    * Workplace Discrimination in D.C. 
    * Whistleblower Law in D.C. 
    * About D.C. Employment Laws 
  * Blog 
  * Locations 
    * Directions - Westfield 
    * Directions - Jersey City 
    * Directions - Newark 
    * Directions - Washington D.C. 
  * Contact Us 

Would you like to switch to the accessible version of this site?

Go to accessible site Close modal window

Don't need the accessible version of this site?

Hide the accessibility button Close modal window

Accessibility View  Close toolbar

Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display

226 St. Paul Street | Westfield, New Jersey 07090

1717 K Street, N.W., Suite 1100 | Washington, District of Columbia 20006

![header_logo](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/450x100_80/webmgr/11/3/v/5e6a4030e62db_LOGOS.png.webp?1149ef2f946fa3743b014eeda4f92227)

#### Call Now For A Consultation

908-264-9331 202-862-4330

  * Home 
  * About Us 
    * Our Attorneys 
      * David R. Cashdan 
      * Michael G. Kane 
    * Our Results 
    * Online Reviews 
    * Our Areas of Practice 
  * Labor & Employment 
    * Discrimination & Sexual Harassment 
    * Wrongful Termination 
    * Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
  * N.J. Employment Law 
    * Severance Agreements & Employment Contracts 
    * Wage & Hour Law in N.J. 
    * Overtime Law in N.J. 
    * Workplace Harassment FAQs 
    * LAD Anti-Discrimination Provisions 
    * Conscientious Employee Protection Act (CEPA) 
    * Employment Law Videos 
  * D.C. Employment Law 
    * Severance Agreements in D.C. 
    * Wrongful Termination in D.C. 
    * Workplace Discrimination in D.C. 
    * Whistleblower Law in D.C. 
    * About D.C. Employment Laws 
  * Blog 
  * Locations 
    * Directions - Westfield 
    * Directions - Jersey City 
    * Directions - Newark 
    * Directions - Washington D.C. 
  * Contact Us 

  * ### Experienced. Knowledgeable. Proficient.

Labor & employment attorneys serving New Jersey and Washington, D.C. with over
45 years of experience

Contact Us

![Contact Us
Button](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/1920x660_80/webmgr/11/3/v/5e6a41fd7e432_BANNERS3min.jpg.webp?794376c0007a1de45685c9cefeb8d8ee)

  * ### Experienced. Knowledgeable. Proficient.

Labor & employment attorneys serving New Jersey and Washington, D.C. with over
45 years of combined experience

Contact Us

![employment lawyer washington
dc](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/1920x660_80/webmgr/11/3/v/5e6a4260370bc_BANNERS1min.jpg.webp?72ced0a0e45c30f68b58ebea0f1ab905)

  * ### Experienced. Knowledgeable. Proficient.

Labor & employment attorneys serving New Jersey and Washington, D.C. with over
45 years of combined experience

Contact Us

![employment lawyer new
jersey](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/1920x660_80/webmgr/11/3/v/5e6a4219d4fae_BANNERS2min.jpg.webp?ff83a0c40ec58d81643de69ad701feff)

  * ### Experienced. Knowledgeable. Proficient.

Labor & employment attorneys serving New Jersey and Washington, D.C. with over
45 years of experience

Contact Us

![Contact Us
Button](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/1920x660_80/webmgr/11/3/v/5e6a41fd7e432_BANNERS3min.jpg.webp?794376c0007a1de45685c9cefeb8d8ee)

  * ### Experienced. Knowledgeable. Proficient.

Labor & employment attorneys serving New Jersey and Washington, D.C. with over
45 years of combined experience

Contact Us

![employment lawyer washington
dc](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/1920x660_80/webmgr/11/3/v/5e6a4260370bc_BANNERS1min.jpg.webp?72ced0a0e45c30f68b58ebea0f1ab905)

Previous

  1. 1
  2. 2
  3. 3

Next

### Areas of Focus

  * Labor and Employment 

Learn More

  * Discrimination and Sexual Harassment 

Learn More

# Employment Lawyers in New Jersey and Washington, D.C. Provide Trustworthy
Counsel

## Accomplished firm has a national reputation in labor matters

Litigating an employment matter successfully requires a strong commitment and
knowledgeable legal counsel. At Cashdan & Kane, PLLC, our attorneys have won
favorable results for clients in New Jersey and Washington, D.C. since 1991.
With more than 50 years of combined legal experience, our accomplished
advocates understand how to handle all types of workplace legal matters on
behalf of employees and employers alike.

## Attorneys in DC and Westfield, NJ deliver exceptional representation to
clients

You can rely on us to fortify your position during any employment law matter
because of our:

  * **Strong recommendations**  -- Former clients and professional colleagues frequently recommend us when people they know have a labor or employment issue. Firm partners David Cashdan and Michael Kane have each earned an AV Preeminent® Peer Review Rating by Martindale-Hubbell®, a recognition of their legal ability and ethics by attorneys familiar with their work. 
  * **Assertive representation**  -- Whether you’re a worker or manager, we understand the heavy toll an employment issue law can take. That’s why we aggressively pursue successful results so that your case can be resolved promptly and favorably. 
  * **Caring advocacy**  -- We provide comprehensive labor and employment representation in a caring, professional manner. As we work to resolve your short-term concerns, we build lasting relationships by helping you anticipate long-term consequences. 

Our reputation and courtroom track record serve our clients well during
settlement negotiations. However, when litigation is necessary, we are
effective, determined litigators.

## Knowledgeable advocates aim to secure favorable results in workplace
disputes

We represent clients in all types of labor and employment matters, including
cases related to:

  * **Severance agreements and employment contracts**  -- Our experienced lawyers advise clients on the preparation, negotiation and enforcement of severance agreements and employment contracts addressing a range of issues and every type of employment relationship. 
  * **Discrimination and sexual harassment**  -- In discrimination and sexual harassment cases, we conduct a detailed review of the facts and represent individuals and companies effectively during administrative hearings and litigation where bias is alleged. We also help companies take proactive measures to prevent _quid pro quo_ and hostile work environment claims. 
  * **Whistleblower and union rights retaliation** -- We protect whistleblowers, union rights advocates and other employees from illegal retaliation. Additionally, employers rely on us to help them avoid violations and to defend them from lawsuits alleging unlawful retaliation. 
  * **Wrongful termination**  -- Whether the conflict relates to a contract claim, alleged retaliation, discrimination or some other issue, our lawyers will handle your wrongful termination matter with professionalism and efficiency. 
  * **Washington, D.C., employment laws**  -- For decades, we have provided detailed advice on employment laws in the District of Columbia for a variety of government and private clients. 

No matter how complex or contentious your situation is, we will clearly
outline your options and develop a thorough strategy for achieving your
objectives.

## Adroit counsel builds winning cases through careful preparation and follow-
up

Our litigation team investigates your case before determining a course of
action. Should we go to court, we obtain documents and information through the
discovery process. We often reach settlements our clients can accept through
skillful negotiations, but if we can’t, we will present the strongest
available case on your behalf at trial whether you are the plaintiff or
defendant. Along the way, we will give you trustworthy advice on the potential
consequences of various decisions.

### Contact an established attorney for assistance with a New Jersey or DC
employment issue

Cashdan & Kane, PLLC represents of New Jersey and District of Columbia clients
in a full range of labor and employment matters. Please call our NJ office at
908-264-9331 or our DC office at 202-862-4330 or contact us online to schedule
an appointment. Our New Jersey headquarters is in Westfield, and we also have
offices in Newark along with our Washington, D.C. location.

![
](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/250x74_80/webmgr/11/3/v/av-2022.png.webp?0ab71a0382f8e77cb7d942eaf2223cc0)

![ ](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/165x165_80/webmgr/11/3/v/best-
lawyers-2022.png.webp?590341683bde47cbd3edcac4933865ca)

![Best Law Firms
2021](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/300x296_80/webmgr/11/3/v/Year-e1624393181795.png.webp?87f8b15c907eb2b7ece9b4440d355d31)

Go to link

Go to link

![BestLawFirms2020](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/300x299_80/webmgr/11/3/v/300.png.webp?ce2c1b1a80f6f3f9633caa319275b448)

Go to link

Go to link

![CLEL](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/200x150_80/webmgr/11/3/v/CLEL.jpg.webp?c0cc91f8b374e92d6b12c61bc14120ed)

![ ](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/250x250_80/webmgr/11/3/v/2022-bar-
register-logo.png.webp?60ba4cab4be738a28aa72ff508662ab3)

![icon_superlawyers](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/300x200_80/webmgr/11/3/v/icon_superlawyers.png.webp?6ee457e4077be9783a6ca435a66f72e5)

![icon_ten-
leaders](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/160x110_80/webmgr/11/3/v/icon_ten-
leaders-1.png.webp?47c12cd3a876e8242b369483762ec566)

![icon_washingtonian-top-
lawyers-2016](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/300x200_80/webmgr/11/3/v/icon_washingtonian-
top-lawyers-2016.png.webp?63c775fb498ebe7b4c90473da04b7c47)

![icon-avvo](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/125x110_80/webmgr/11/3/v/icon-
avvo-1.png.webp?18c2f291e51bc56657cd18199359b3f4)

## Choose a location to review

### Cashdan & Kane, PLLC locations:

__Westfield, NJ

### Reviews & Ratings

Showing 3-star reviews and above

  * ![google](https://www.cashdankane.com/plugins/smb/reviewourfirm/components/reviewourfirm/assets/img//icon-sm-google.png)

5.0/5.0

Michael gave me some very valuable guidance in my legal matter.

-- Alexander A

  * ![google](https://www.cashdankane.com/plugins/smb/reviewourfirm/components/reviewourfirm/assets/img//icon-sm-google.png)

5.0/5.0

Mr. Kane is a patient listener, very knowledgeable about employment law, and I
can trust him to clearly explain terminology and expectations throughout the
process. He is compassionate, professional and very responsive to inquiries,
and th...  
Show More

Mr. Kane is a patient listener, very knowledgeable about employment law, and I
can trust him to clearly explain terminology and expectations throughout the
process. He is compassionate, professional and very responsive to inquiries,
and the office billing processes were seamless.  
Show Less

-- Douglas Larsen

  * ![google](https://www.cashdankane.com/plugins/smb/reviewourfirm/components/reviewourfirm/assets/img//icon-sm-google.png)

5.0/5.0

Went to this location and spoke with Michael Kane. He was a very nice guy and
didn’t make me feel like I was doing something wrong by contacting an
attorney. He was open to hearing everything that has been happening to me over
the years and...  
Show More

Went to this location and spoke with Michael Kane. He was a very nice guy and
didn’t make me feel like I was doing something wrong by contacting an
attorney. He was open to hearing everything that has been happening to me over
the years and He was very honest and upfront throughout the various meetings
that we’ve had. Mr. Kane stayed on top of deadlines,paperwork and meetings. He
was also very flexible with payment which I know is very important to most ppl
when they have to hire an attorney. All in all I would say that Mr. Kane is my
go-to guy in the unfortunate event that I would need an attorney in the
future.  
Show Less

-- Kobe

  * ![google](https://www.cashdankane.com/plugins/smb/reviewourfirm/components/reviewourfirm/assets/img//icon-sm-google.png)

5.0/5.0

I could not be more than happy with MichaelKane of Cashdan & Kane. He takes
the time to understand the situation and provide reliable feedback. Michael
helped me in a few occasions always with favorable outcome. He is also
understanding, p...  
Show More

I could not be more than happy with MichaelKane of Cashdan & Kane. He takes
the time to understand the situation and provide reliable feedback. Michael
helped me in a few occasions always with favorable outcome. He is also
understanding, personable and easy to talk to.  
Show Less

-- Massimo Colombo

  * ![google](https://www.cashdankane.com/plugins/smb/reviewourfirm/components/reviewourfirm/assets/img//icon-sm-google.png)

5.0/5.0

Knowledge and understanding is on the chart with Cashdan & Kane, PLLC. Mr.
Kane Michael is my lawyer and I will always go back to him with anything, even
after my case that we won, I can still call him when I need him. Thanks a lot
Mr. Kane...  
Show More

Knowledge and understanding is on the chart with Cashdan & Kane, PLLC. Mr.
Kane Michael is my lawyer and I will always go back to him with anything, even
after my case that we won, I can still call him when I need him. Thanks a lot
Mr. Kane.  
Show Less

-- Adele Sako

See More Reviews

Review Us

## Results

### Cashdan and Kane has achieved successful results for its clients. Some of
those results are here.

  * $1.45 million dollar settlement of age discrimination case following favorable jury verdict for our media executive client;

  * $775,000 settlement following a successful administrative hearing for a municipal employee;

  * $950,000 settlement pre-suit of a senior executive’s race discrimination claims;

  * $650,000 settlement of whistleblower lawsuit on behalf of police officer;

  * $500,000 settlement in an overtime case pre-suit;

  * $350,000 settlement of a sexual harassment and retaliation litigation on behalf of a medical professional; 

  * $250,000 settlement of race discrimination suit during jury selection of an IT executive;

  * $225,000 settlement pre-suit of a IT employee’s wage and hour case;

  * $200,000 settlement of a Federal employee’s disability discrimination suit;

  * $160,000 settlement of female financial executive’s gender discrimination case;

  * $150,000 settlement of age discrimination case following bench trial and successful appeal on behalf of a Department of Defense civilian employee;

  * $127,000 settlement during trial of whistleblower suit for municipal employee;

  * $125,000 settlement pre-suit of an associate attorney’s disability discrimination claim;

  * $120,000 settlement pre-suit of a female executive’s Family and Medical Leave Act claims;

  * $95,000 settlement of Family and Medical Leave Act case pre-suit on behalf of a financial executive;

  * Numerous enhanced severance agreements and other settlements. 

### Videos

![](https://i1.ytimg.com/vi/mn5sNKSGNCM/hqdefault.jpg)

![](https://i1.ytimg.com/vi/3Edo2_SoqN4/hqdefault.jpg)

![](https://i1.ytimg.com/vi/uEEwh6wU3_0/hqdefault.jpg)

![](https://i1.ytimg.com/vi/Tbc83tz12FA/hqdefault.jpg)

![](https://i1.ytimg.com/vi/fPY3rppNPEM/hqdefault.jpg)

![](https://i1.ytimg.com/vi/msGeAFP1tLc/hqdefault.jpg)

### Contact Us

#### Please fill out the form below and our attorney will contact you.

Name *

!

Email *

!

Phone *

!

Comments

!

Thank you. Your submission has been sent.

## Map & Directions

\-- **mi**

### **Westfield Office**

**Address**

226 St. Paul Street  
Westfield, New Jersey 07090

**Contact Information** 908-264-9331

  * \-- mi **Westfield Office**
  * \-- mi **Washington Office**
  * \-- mi **Jersey City Office**
  * \-- mi **Newark Office**

## Office Locations

  * #### Washington Office

Address

1717 K Street, N.W.  
Suite 1100  
Washington, District of Columbia 20006, United States

Phone

202-862-4330  

  * #### Newark Office

Address

One Gateway Center  
Suite 2600  
Newark, New Jersey 07102, United States

Phone

973-786-2156  

  * #### Jersey City Office

Address

101 Hudson Street  
Suite 2100  
Jersey City, New Jersey 07302, United States

Phone

201-451-1471  

  * #### Westfield Office

Address

226 St. Paul Street  
Westfield, New Jersey 07090, US

Phone

908-264-9331  

![footer_logo](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/450x100_80/webmgr/11/3/v/5e6a437086631_LOGOS.png.webp?1149ef2f946fa3743b014eeda4f92227)

  *   *   *   *   * 

#### Call to schedule an appointment

908-264-9331

  * Home 
  * About Us 
  * Practice Areas 
  * Results 
  * Events Publications 
  * Legal Library 
  * Videos 
  * Directions 
  * Contact Us 

Cashdan & Kane, PLLC is located in Westfield, NJ and serves clients in and
around Westfield, Garwood, Scotch Plains, Mountainside, Cranford, Fanwood,
Clark, Kenilworth, Springfield, Summit, Berkeley Heights, Roselle Park, New
Providence, Plainfield, Rahway, Colonia, Roselle, Union, Linden, Vauxhall,
Iselin, Millburn, Middlesex County, Somerset County and Union County. Our
Washington D.C. office serves clients in D.C., Northern Virginia areas and
Montgomery County, MD and surrounding areas.

Attorney Advertising. This website is designed for general information only.
The information presented at this site should not be construed to be formal
legal advice nor the formation of a lawyer/client relationship. [ Site Map ]

The Super Lawyers list is issued by Thomson Reuters. A description of the
selection methodology can be found at
superlawyers.com/about/selection_process.html. No aspect of this advertisement
has been approved by the Supreme Court of New Jersey.

See our profiles at Lawyers.com and Martindale.com

Martindale-Hubbell and martindale.com are registered trademarks; AV, BV, AV
Preeminent and BV Distinguished are registered certification marks;
Lawyers.com and the Martindale-Hubbell Peer Review Rated Icon are service
marks; and Martindale-Hubbell Peer Review Ratings are trademarks of MH Sub I,
LLC, used under license. Other products and services may be trademarks or
registered trademarks of their respective companies. Copyright © 2024 MH Sub
I, LLC. All rights reserved.

![](https://www.martindale-avvo.com/wp-
content/uploads/5bbaf20f8334a_MDHLogoFooterWhite.png)

__

