![Sapir Schragin LLP | An Employment Law Firm](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1600975/2020/05/logo.png)

Call Today, We Can Help  
914-328-0366

  * Home
  * Firm Overview
  * Attorneys
  * Contact
  * X Close

Contact

Employment Law Attorneys Who Understand Both Sides

  * For Employees
    * Employment Discrimination
    * Wage & Hour: Overtime, Misclassification and Individual and Class Actions
    * Separation Agreements, Restrictive Covenants and Employment Agreements
    * Sexual and Other Harassment
    * Medical Issues, Disability Discrimination and Family Medical Leave
    * Whistleblower and Retaliation Protection
  * For Employers
    * Policy and Procedure Manuals and Employee Handbooks
    * Employment Agreements
    * Restrictive Covenants/Non-Competes
    * Department of Labor and Wage and Hour Compliance
    * Employment Discrimination Defense

During this difficult time, Sapir Schragin LLP remains open and committed to
servicing our clients. We are available for telephone and video conference
consultations and meetings, and remain committed to servicing the employment
law needs of employees and businesses throughout Westchester and the tri-state
area.

  * Home
  * Firm Overview
  * Attorneys
    * Donald L. Sapir
    * Howard Schragin
  * Events, Articles and Publications
  * Blog
  * Contact Us

  * For Employees
    * Employment Discrimination
    * Wage & Hour: Overtime, Misclassification and Individual and Class Actions
    * Separation Agreements, Restrictive Covenants and Employment Agreements
    * Sexual and Other Harassment
    * Medical Issues, Disability Discrimination and Family Medical Leave
    * Whistleblower and Retaliation Protection
  * For Employers
    * Policy and Procedure Manuals and Employee Handbooks
    * Employment Agreements
    * Restrictive Covenants/Non-Competes
    * Department of Labor and Wage and Hour Compliance
    * Employment Discrimination Defense

# Attorneys

The combined experience of Sapir Schragin LLP's two principals, Donald Sapir
and Howard Schragin, representing employees and employers in all aspects of
employment law, encompasses more than 50 years.

****Donald Sapir**** has worked in labor and employment law for more than 36
years, representing employees from all walks of life, businesses both large
and small, and labor organizations and their affiliated pension and welfare
funds. He has handled thousands of matters involving virtually every type of
claim known to labor and employment lawyers. His litigations have resulted in
numerous precedent-setting decisions. In 2000, Mr. Sapir was elected to the
prestigious College of Labor & Employment Lawyers and now serves as the
College's President. He has been a contributing author or editor to various
treatises on labor and employment law. Mr. Sapir has appeared as a guest
commentator on CourtTV on several occasions. His peers have voted him one of
Westchester's Top 25 Attorneys, one of the Best Lawyers in America and a New
York SuperLawyer.

With 15 years of experience in employment law, ****Howard Schragin**** handles
a wide range of labor and employment matters on behalf of employees and
employers, including employment discrimination, harassment, retaliation, wage
and hour claims, leaves of absence, wrongful termination, contract disputes,
separation agreements, employment agreements, restrictive covenants and
employee benefits. Mr. Schragin's experience includes counseling and advising
individuals and businesses across a multitude of industries on a variety of
workplace issues, negotiating successful settlements on behalf of employees
whose workplace rights have been violated, representing individuals and
defending employers in all phases of employment related litigation in federal
and state courts and before administrative agencies, including trials in the
Southern District of New York and administrative proceedings before the Equal
Employment Opportunity Commission, National Labor Relations Board and New York
State Division of Human Rights.

To learn more about our employment law attorneys, consult the profiles below.

  * Donald L. Sapir
  * Howard Schragin

**Workplace issues can 't be swept under the rug.** Call the experienced White
Plains employment lawyers at Sapir Schragin LLP at 914-328-0366.

## We Can Help You Contact Us Today

![Rated By Super Lawyers | Donald L. Sapir | SuperLawyers.com](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1600975/2020/05/sl-donald.png)

![Rated By Super Lawyers | Howard Schragin | SuperLawyers.com](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1600975/2020/05/sl-howard.png)

## Firm News

Sapir Schragin LLP has been ranked as Best Law Firm Tier 2 in Employment Law
Individuals in the White Plains metro area for 2017 by U.S. News & World
Report.

Partners Donald Sapir and Howard Schragin have been named to the 2016 Metro
New York Super Lawyers List for Employment and Labor Law

Partner Howard Schragin will be participating in a Webinar for the New York
State Bar Association Labor and Employment Law Section on December 1, 2016 at
12:00 – 1:00 p.m. on “Conducting Effective Employment Investigations.”

Howard Schragin will be participating on a panel review of recent Supreme
Court employment law decision at the NYSBA Labor and Employment Law Section
Fall Meeting in Washington D.C., September 23-24, 2016.

Howard Schragin will be a speaking at the Employment Law Institute on March
11, 2016 at the New York City Bar Association

## Office Locations

**Sapir Schragin LLP**  
399 Knollwood Road, Suite 310  
White Plains, NY 10603

### Phone:

914-328-0366

### Fax:

914-682-9128  
White Plains Office Location

![Sapir Schragin LLP | An Employment Law Firm](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1600975/2020/05/logo-footer.png)

914-328-0366

![Visa | MasterCard | American Express | Discover Network](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1600975/2020/05/credit-cards.png)

(C) 2024 Sapir Schragin LLP • All Rights Reserved

Disclaimer | Site Map | Privacy Policy | Business Development Solutions by
FindLaw, part of Thomson Reuters

