Toggle navigation  * Firm Overview  * Practice Areas  * Attorneys ****    * Mark Davis    * Philip Young    * Eric Bengtson    * Adam Davis    * Steve Dippell    * Morgan West Hansen    * Brad Bening    * Bruce MacLeod    * Susannah Ashton  * Advantage  * FAQ  * Contact  *   * Mark Davis  * Philip Young  * Eric Bengtson  * Adam Davis  * Steve Dippell  * Morgan West Hansen  * Brad Bening  * Bruce MacLeod  * Susannah AshtonEmail Mark For Scheduling: 408.261.4243# Mark DavisMark Davis, founding partner of Davis, Bengtson & Young, has earned a reputation as one of the best trial lawyers in Northern California. For more than two decades, Mr. Davis has consistently received an AV Preeminent (5.0 out of 5.0) rating under Martindale-Hubbell's Peer Review Program. His extensive record of success has been formally recognized by San Jose Magazine, which named him among the top lawyers in the Silicon Valley Area. In 1998, he was elected as a member of the prestigious American Board of Trial Advocates (ABOTA). Since 1980, Mr. Davis has utilized his wealth of litigation and trial experience to effectively resolve hundreds of disputes as a judge pro tem, arbitrator and mediator. Outside of court, he is a professor of Torts at Lincoln Law School in San Jose and a frequent lecturer to numerous professional groups and associations. Mr. Davis is married, has three children and is an avid UCLA Bruins fan. He enjoys traveling, golfing, and biking (has ridden in the 100 mile ride from Carmel, CA to Cambria, CA). ### Education:  * UCLA School of Law, J.D.  * UCLA, B.A., Political Science, _cum laude_  * Pepperdine University School of Law, Malibu, CA., Mediation Courses    ### Areas of Practice:  * Tort Litigation  * Personal Injury & Wrongful Death  * Employment Law (Wrongful Termination, Harassment, Discrimination and Retaliation)  * Premises Liability  * Mediation Services  * Legal Malpractice  * Medical Malpractice  * Construction Litigation  * Defense of School Districts    ### Professional Lectures:  * California Continuing Education of the Bar (CEB)  * California Consumer Attorney's Association (What's New in Tort & Trial)  * Lorman Education Services (Real Evidence for the Trial Practitioner in California)  * The Rutter Group  * Santa Clara County Bar Association    ### Court Admissions:  * California  * U.S. Court of Appeals  * Federal Circuit  * Central District of California  * U.S. District Court  * U.S. Court of Appeals  * Ninth Circuit  * U.S. District Court  * Northern District of California    ### Memberships:  * State Bar of California  * American Board of Trial Advocates (ABOTA)  * American Bar Association (Member, Section on Tort and Insurance Practice Law)  * Santa Clara County Bar Association  * Santa Clara County Trial Lawyers Association    [ Close X ]#### Peer Review ProgramAV Peer rating CV, BV, and AV are registered certification marks of Reed Elsevier Properties, Inc., used in accordance with the Martindale-Hubbell certification procedures, standards, and policies. Martindale-Hubbell is the facilitator of a peer review rating process. Ratings reflect the confidential opinions of members of the Bar and the judiciary. Martindale-Hubbell Ratings evaluate two categories--legal ability and general ethical standards. AV Peer Review Rating shows that a lawyer has reached the height of professional excellence. He or she has usually practiced law for many years, and is recognized for the highest levels of skill and integrity.[ Close X ]#### American Board of Trial Advocates (ABOTA)(ABOTA). Membership Eligibility - "Any trial lawyer who is of high personal character and honorable reputation, and who is a member of the Bar of the State, province, district, territory or country in which he or she practices, and who has met the qualifications as prescribed in Article III, Section 2, may become a member of the American Board of Trial Advocates upon nomination and election..." - www.abota.org   * Home  * Firm  * Practice Areas  * Attorneys  * Advantage  * FAQ  * Contact  * Disclaimer  * 1960 The Alameda  * Suite 210  * San Jose, CA, 95126  * (669) 245-4200(C) Davis, Bengtson & Young, APLC 