  * Contact Us Now: **212-608-5300** Tap Here To Call Us 

![Logo of Bernard D’Orazio & Associates, P.C.](/images/justia-dorazio-law-
com.png)New York Collections Attorneys Bernard D'Orazio & Associates, P.C.
Home

Contact New York City Debt Collection Lawyer Law Offices of Bernard D'Orazio,
P.C.

  * Home
  * Firm Overview
  * Our Team
    * Bernard D'Orazio 
    * Steven G. Yudin 
    * Erica Cho 
  * Practice Areas
  * News and Publications
  * Representative Cases
  * Contact Us
    * Directions
    * About Our Building and Location

![Picture of Bernard D’Orazio](/images/slides/01/1300.jpg)

**New York Judgment  
Enforcement Attorneys**

# New York Collections Attorneys

AGGRESSIVE RESOURCEFUL EXPERIENCED RESPONSIVE

 _ "Credit. Man's confidence in man. Commercial credit is the creation of
modern times and belongs in its highest perfection only to the most
enlightened and best governed nations. Credit is the vital air of the system
of modern commerce. It has done more -- a thousand times more -- to enrich
nations than all the mines of the world." _

Quoted from a speech by Daniel Webster in the United States Senate, March 18,
1834.

Bernard D'Orazio & Associates, P.C., is an established New York City-based law
firm focused on large value commercial debt collection and judgment
enforcement matters. Our practice extends throughout New York State and in the
Federal courts. The firm is led by New York attorney Bernard D'Orazio, who is
AV® rated as "Preeminent" in Litigation and Collections by Martindale-Hubbell.

Operating since 1991, our law firm has vast experience representing an array
of creditors, including businesses, banks and other lenders, landlords, in
cases involving  **commercial litigation** ,  **debt collection** , and the
enforcement of the  **rights of creditors** . We assist attorneys in New York,
from other states, and from other countries, enforce and collect upon money
judgments.

We are renowned for our New York judgment enforcement practice, especially
fraudulent conveyance actions and proceedings filed under New York's Debtor
and Creditor Law, Article 10. A fraudulent conveyance is a transfer of
property by a debtor, usually without "fair consideration" and with actual or
constructive intent to hinder, delay, or defraud a creditor. It is illegal for
debtors to transfer property to avoid paying their creditors or to try to make
themselves "judgment proof." A court may, on a creditor's application,
invalidate a fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer of assets and award
other appropriate relief, including attorneys' fees.

We operate our New York judgment enforcement and commercial debt collection
practice from our magnificent "uptown" headquarters on two floors of a New
York City landmark townhouse and from our long-time "downtown" office on
Lafayette Street in lower Manhattan, where we maintain our war room.

Our New York collections lawyers represent clients in substantial matters
concerning:

  * Collection of debts owed under personal guaranties, loan agreements, negotiable instruments, promissory notes, for goods sold and delivered, and for services rendered by law firms, accountants, and other professionals;
  * **Judgment** enforcement matters, including judgments rendered in cases involving personal injury, commercial disputes, medical malpractice, construction and other industrial accidents, and premises liability claims;
  * Post-judgment litigation and proceedings, including obtaining discovery from judgment debtors, banks, and other parties, motions and other applications seeking "turnover" or installment payment orders, receivership applications, wage garnishments, real and personal property executions, and contempt of court applications;
  * Actions to set aside fraudulent conveyances of real property and fraudulent transfers of money and other personal property, actions to impose liability on parties based on "de facto merger" and other successor liability claims, and actions to "pierce the corporate veil" and impose personal liability upon company insiders who have mismanaged their businesses and abused the corporate form;
  * Disputes arising out of breaches of contract and real estate deals and transactions;
  * Actions by independent contractors and others to recover unpaid sales commissions and consulting fees;
  * Proceedings to "domesticate" in New York judgments entered in other states, Federal courts located outside New York, or from courts located in foreign countries;
  * Trials and appeals in all state and federal courts in New York.

We provide our clients with aggressive, resourceful, and intelligent
representation.

Our New York collections and judgment enforcement lawyers typically accept
debt collection and judgment enforcement matters on a contingency fee basis
(fee arrangements may vary depending on the nature of a particular case).

We review potential new matters confidentially and without charge. We do not
have a fixed "minimum" value for new cases; however, we rarely accept cases
involving amounts less than $100,000.00.

Our firm is a proud member of the Better Business Bureau®.

References are available on request. For more information, please contact our
principal attorney, Bernard D'Orazio (  **bdorazio@dorazio-law.com** ), for a
no-obligation review of your case or further information.

Learn More

![Legal Leaders](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![NYSBA](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![NYCLA](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![NYSTLA](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![New York Law Journal](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Martindale-Hubbell](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![New York City Bar Member](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

**Collection Litigation & Judgment Enforcement**

**Our Practice Areas**

  * **Debt Collection Litigation**
  *  **Post Judgment Litigation**
  *  **Judgment Enforcement**
  *  **Domestication of Judgments**

View More

**All types of debt collection matters and general commercial litigation,
trials, and appeals**

**Meet the Attorney**

![Bernard D'Orazio](photos/bernard-meet-the-attorney.jpg)

**Bernard D'Orazio**

Bernard D'Orazio is a native New Yorker who has lived in New York City for
more than 35 years. He served for eight years as an appointed member of
Manhattan Community Board No. 1, which participates in City planning processes
and other issues facing lower Manhattan. In addition, he was for many years a
member of the Board of Managers of his 261-unit condominium building located
in the Tribeca neighborhood in Manhattan and also served as its President. Mr.
D'Orazio is presently a Public Member of the Business Conduct Committee
(formerly known as the Adjudication Committee) of The CME Group, which
operates the NYMEX/COMEX Commodities exchanges in New York City. His interests
include history, music, sports, film, travel, all things concerning fabulous
Upstate New York, and his family. Mr. D'Orazio is a lecturer on the topic of
judgment enforcement for the New York City Bar Association. He also writes on
New York City history for The Tribeca Tribune, a community newspaper...

View More

**Contact Us**

  1. 1 **New York's Leading Judgment Enforcement Law Firm**
  2. 2 **Judgments Reviewed Confidentially and Without Charge**
  3. 3 **Contingency Fee Representations Offered**

Fill out the contact form or call us at **212-608-5300** to schedule your
consultation.

Name (Required)  Email (Required)  Phone (Required)

Message

Contact Us Now

![Justia Icon](https://lawyers.justia.com/s/justia-flat-64.png)

238 W 139th St

New York, NY 10030

Phone: 212-608-5300 Fax: 212-608-5398

ATTORNEY ADVERTISING

We operate throughout New York State, including all of New York City including
Manhattan, The Bronx, Brooklyn, Queens, and Staten Island; Long Island
including Nassau and Suffolk Counties; the suburban counties of Rockland,
Orange, Westchester, Putnam, and Dutchess; and in Upstate New York. View More

  * Home
  * Disclaimer
  * Privacy Policy
  * Site Map
  * Contact Us

New York Collections Attorneys | New York City Debt Collection Lawyer | Law
Offices of Bernard D'Orazio, P.C.

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of
Service apply.

Please do not include any confidential or sensitive information in a contact
form, text message, or voicemail. The contact form sends information by non-
encrypted email, which is not secure. Submitting a contact form, sending a
text message, making a phone call, or leaving a voicemail does not create an
attorney-client relationship.

Copyright (C) 2023,  Bernard D'Orazio & Associates, P.C.

Justia Law Firm Website Design



