_ _ Call Us: (631) 543-7070

↓ Skip to Main Content

![Personal Injury Attorneys In Long
Island](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20370%2078'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![Personal
Injury Attorneys In Long Island](https://accidentcounsel.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/06/carnerdevitalogov2.png)

  * About the Firm
    * About Us
    * History of the Firm
    * Verdicts and Settlements
    * Is There a Fee
    * Do I need a Lawyer
  * Areas of Practice
    * ![suffolk county medical malpractice lawyer](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%2030%200'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![suffolk county medical malpractice lawyer](https://www.accidentcounsel.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/Carner_Practice_Area_Icon-01.png) Medical Malpractice Lawyer
    * ![suffolk county defective product lawyer](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%2030%200'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![suffolk county defective product lawyer](https://www.accidentcounsel.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/Carner_Practice_Area_Icon-02.png) Defective Product Lawyer
    * ![suffolk county car accident lawyer](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%2030%200'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![suffolk county car accident lawyer](https://www.accidentcounsel.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/Carner_Practice_Area_Icon-03.png) Car Accident Lawyer
    * ![suffolk county construction accident lawyer](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%2030%200'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![suffolk county construction accident lawyer](https://www.accidentcounsel.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/Carner_Practice_Area_Icon-04.png) Construction Accident Lawyer
    * ![suffolk county slip and fall lawyer](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%2030%200'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![suffolk county slip and fall lawyer](https://www.accidentcounsel.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/Carner_Practice_Area_Icon-05.png) Slip and Fall Lawyer
    * ![suffolk county truck accident lawyer](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%2030%200'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![suffolk county truck accident lawyer](https://www.accidentcounsel.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/Carner_Practice_Area_Icon-06.png) Truck Accident Lawyer
    * ![suffolk county wrongful death lawyer](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%2030%200'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![suffolk county wrongful death lawyer](https://www.accidentcounsel.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/Carner_Practice_Area_Icon-07.png) Wrongful Death Lawyer
  * Attorneys
    * Gerard Devita
    * Michael Carner
  * Resources
    * Blog
    * FAQs
  * Areas Served
    * Commack, NY
    * Islip, NY
    * Brookhaven, NY
    * Smithtown, NY
    * Huntington, NY
  * Free Consultation
  * Check Out Our Reviews!

Home

  * ![](https://www.accidentcounsel.com/wp-content/plugins/revslider/admin/assets/images/dummy.png)

Suffolk County  
PERSONAL INJURY LAWYERS

PERSONALIZED SERVICE FROM ATTORNEYS WHO CARE

Click Here to Contact Us

### We've Put Clients First Since 1957

Learn How We'll Treat You as a Priority.

### Step 1 of 2

50%

    * Name*

    * Details of injury

    * Email*

    * Phone Number*

    * CAPTCHA

    * Email

This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

Δ

### Verdicts and Settlements

$385,000 for husband and wife . . .

$3,900,000 medical malpractice awarded . . .

$300,000 for man injured in a car accident . . .

$950,000 recovered for man suffering low back injury . . .

$875,000 settlement for young man injured . . .

$350,000 against a nursing home . . .

$250,000 to postal worker . . .

$725,000 to construction worker . . .

$385,000 for Arnold Chiari . . .

$629,000 recovered for worker . . .

$350,000 for a young girl who was attacked and bitten by a dog . . .

5,300,000 for World Trade families . . .

$300,000 secured during jury selection for a bicyclist-athlete . . .

$950,000 verdict for auto accident . . .

$212,500 recovered for construction worker injured on the job . . .

$370,000 to a woman who slipped and fell . . .

$775,000 for motorcyclist . . .

$350,000 for internal injuries . . .

$350,000 recovered against a hospital for neglect . . .

$610,000 verdict for passenger . . .

$725,000 motor vehicle collision . . .

$300,000 to an EMS worker . . .

$265,000 for fall in parking lot . . .

$600,000 medical malpractice verdict . . .

$13,500,500 for a Pedestrian Stuck on a Roadway . . .

$860,000 for a Car Accident Victim that Sustained Neck Injuries . . .

$750,000 for a Woman with a Rare Injury from a Car Accident . . .

$300,000 for Man Injured in a Car Accident . . .

$275,000 for a Mother injured in a Truck Accident . . .

$212,500 For Construction Worker Injured . . .

$200,000 for a Car Accident Victim Whose Injuries Led to Hip Surgery . . .

# Suffolk County personal injury attorney

Your injury doesn’t have to define the rest of your life. Get a Suffolk County
personal injury attorney who can help you make strategic decisions, put your
case in order, negotiate aggressively on your behalf, and represent you in
court if necessary.

![Suffolk County personal injury
attorney](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20605%20404'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![Suffolk
County personal injury attorney](https://www.accidentcounsel.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/long-island-personal-injury-lawyer-1024x684.jpg)

Whether you have suffered from a car accident, a commercial truck accident, a
slip and fall, dangerously defective products, construction accidents, dog
bites, medical malpractice, or any other number of injuries, a skilled Suffolk
County personal injury attorney is ready to fight for your rights to justice
and fair compensation.

Carner & DeVita proudly serves all of Suffolk County, NY, including Islip,
Huntington, Smithtown, Brookhaven, and other nearby towns. If you were hurt in
an accident that wasn’t your fault, call (631) 543-7070 today.

## Our practice areas

### Medical malpractice

If you or a loved one is injured by the error or negligence of a medical
professional, you may be entitled to compensation through a medical
malpractice lawsuit. Our attorneys have represented medical malpractice cases
in Suffolk County for over 50 years, and we can help you get the compensation
you deserve.

### Defective products

If you or a loved one is harmed by a defective product in New York, it’s
important for you to know that you have legal rights. Our experienced
attorneys are here to help you get the compensation you deserve, whether your
child is hurt by a toy or you’re harmed by medicine that doesn’t have the
proper warnings.

### Car accidents

With millions of cars driving on Suffolk County roads every year, car
accidents happen daily. Our experienced Suffolk County car accident attorneys
can help you get the compensation you deserve if you’re injured in an
accident. We’ll handle the insurance company on your behalf to make sure you
don’t get lowballed.

### Construction accidents

Construction site accidents are often severe. Your physical, financial and
mental health could be impacted if you’re left unable to work. While you may
get workers’ compensation, it may not be enough. Our Suffolk County
construction site accident attorneys can help you get the compensation you
deserve after an injury.

### Premises liability/slip-and-fall

Whether you’re visiting someone’s home or shopping in the mall, a slip-and-
fall incident can cause serious injuries. You could be left with cuts and
bruises, break a bone or hurt your spine or head. Our experienced slip-and-
fall attorneys in Suffolk County can help you get the compensation you
deserve.

### Truck accidents

The sheer power and weight of semi trucks make truck accidents devastating. If
you’re injured in an accident with an 18-wheeler, you have legal rights. Our
Suffolk County truck accident attorneys are here to help you. We’ll take on
the insurance company and the truck company to get the compensation you
deserve.

### Wrongful death

If your loved one lost their life due to someone else’s negligent actions, you
and your family don’t have to suffer in silence. Our Suffolk County wrongful
death lawyers can help you get the compensation you deserve to help pay for
funeral costs, end-of-life medical expenses, lost income, and much more.

## What to do after being hurt in an accident

  1. Check if you or anyone else needs urgent medical attention
  2. Immediately call the police to make an accident report
  3. Receive medical care as soon as possible, including imaging and tests
  4. Contact your insurance company to let them know if you have a potential third-party claim against a negligent individual
  5. Reach out to receive legal guidance and representation to begin pursuing your claim, case, or lawsuit
  6. Work with your attorney to formulate a smart strategy based on both statutory law and case precedent
  7. Follow the process of pursuing your claim to the best of your ability while using the talent and knowledge of your attorney to maximize the chances at receiving fair compensation.

## ![Suffolk County personal injury attorney call
police](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20605%20404'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![Suffolk
County personal injury attorney call
police](https://www.accidentcounsel.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/long-
island-personal-injury-lawyer-call-police-1024x683.jpg)

## Make sure you file a claim in time

In most New York civil cases, injured parties have the right to file a lawsuit
within three years of the date of the injury. This deadline is known as a
“statute of limitations,” and it prevents people from suing others for
accidents or crimes in which evidence has expired.

Not all personal injury cases must be filed within three years, however.
Please consult the official New York Statute of Limitations Chart to determine
the amount of time you have to file.

## Damages

At Carner & DeVita, a Suffolk County personal injury attorney is skilled at
dealing with insurance companies and getting the most money possible for our
clients. Our attorneys will help you recover damages for:

  * Current and future medical expenses
  * Pain and suffering
  * Property damage
  * Loss of earnings
  * And more.

It’s impossible to say just how much compensation you may be eligible for
without knowing the details of your case. That’s why we ask that you call our
firm right away if you’ve been injured. We’ll help you decide how much your
case could be worth, and we’ll get started on a strategy to obtain maximum
compensation. Call an experienced Suffolk County personal injury attorney at
(631) 543-7070 for your **_free consultation_** now.

## Dealing with insurance after an injury (the smart way)

Your insurance company adjusters may appear to have your best interest at
heart, but their primary objective is to look out for their bottom line. They
will investigate your claim and try to pay you as little as possible for your
injuries and damages. Your personal injury attorney can help you recover
compensation by negotiating on your behalf.

Call us today at 631-380-4417 to receive a free case review and learn more
about our personal injury legal services.

## Why you should go to the doctor even if you don’t feel very hurt

No matter how bad your injury seems, do not delay in seeking medical attention
after your accident. Many times, symptoms do not show up until several days,
weeks, or even months after the fact, so you will need an examination from a
medical professional to determine the severity of your injury.

![long island personal injury lawyer
doctor](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20605%20404'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![long
island personal injury lawyer doctor](https://www.accidentcounsel.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/long-island-personal-injury-lawyer-
doctor-1024x684.jpg)

Because the insurance company may use your doctor’s report to help determine
your settlement, be as specific as possible with any statements you make at
the hospital or doctor’s office. Keep detailed records and receipts of any
medical services you receive so that your Suffolk County personal injury
attorney can help you receive the right amount of compensation for medical
expenses.

## Putting clients first for over 60 years

Since 1957, clients at Carner & DeVita have received passionate, attentive
services from their personal injury lawyers. Our highly experienced partners
and associates boast a variety of legal backgrounds that makes our team
uniquely qualified to represent your injury case.

## Why you should choose Carner & DeVita

###
![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20605%20350'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://www.accidentcounsel.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/01/long-island-attorneys-1024x592.jpg)

### We’ll help reduce the stress and frustration that goes along with an
injury

If your case goes to trial, a personal injury attorney from Carner & DeVita
will work tirelessly to mount an effective prosecution against all defendants.
The guidance of your legal representative will aim to reduce your stress, keep
you informed, and help you counter likely defenses other parties will employ
to make them appear like they are not at fault for your injuries.

### We’ll give you confidence in your case

Our personal injury clients in Suffolk County can know they are in good hands
when they receive personalized service from one or more of our teams. We don’t
just take up your case; we guide you from start to finish to keep you informed
and confident that you are making the optimal decisions.

### We’ll help put your life back on track

With your personal injury attorney’s help, you will assemble the foundational
facts of your case, gather evidence to strengthen your claim, file all the
necessary motions to allow your case to proceed, and negotiate with insurers
and other parties to promote your own best interests. Pursuing the maximum
amount of available compensation is important for us because it helps our
clients resume as normal of a life as possible after their injury.

## Hurt in an accident? Don’t wait. Call our Suffolk County personal injury
attorneys today.

Don’t suffer a moment longer than you have to pay your medical bills. Work
with a winning, proven legal team who has a decades-long history of securing
fair verdicts and settlements.

You deserve the absolute best chance possible of recovering medically,
mentally, and financially after your serious accident, and that’s what you’ll
get from Carner & DeVita. Please call (631) 543-7070 to schedule your free
case consultation.

## What our clients are saying about us

**Mike D**.  
__________  
Very good attorneys. They took the time to listen to me and with their many
years of experience, gave me advice that make me feel comfortable in retaining
their services.

**Anonymous**.  
__________  
This lawyer is extremely helpful and answered my question promptly and
thoroughly.

**Dellanor D.**  
__________  
Professional and caring. They knew how to fight the insurance carrier. They
represented my son and I, making sure we were protected. Very happy with the
outcome.

#### Reduce your stress, have confidence in your case, and put your  
life back on track after your injury

### FAQ'S

  * When should I hire a personal injury attorney?
  * Will I need to go to court to testify?
  * What should I bring with me to my meeting with a personal injury lawyer?
  * Do all personal injury cases turn into a lawsuit?
  * What is negligence, and how does it relate to personal injury?
  * My insurance company offered me a settlement. Should I take it?
  * The other party’s insurance company wants to talk to me about the call. Should I answer their call?
  * What types of damages can I recover in a personal injury case?
  * What can I do to protect my rights after a car accident?

  * ![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20170%20170'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/justice2-min.jpg)
  * ![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20170%20170'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/nys2.jpg)
  * ![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20170%20170'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/ac2-min.jpg)
  * ![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20170%20170'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/bar2-min.jpg)
  * ![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20170%20170'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/ccc2.jpg)

### Speak With a Lawyer Today - Call 631-543-7070

### Areas of Practice

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20400%20350'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://www.accidentcounsel.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/08/practice-area-2.jpg)

### AUTO ACCIDENTS

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20400%20350'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://www.accidentcounsel.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/08/practice-area-3.jpg)

### MEDICAL MALPRACTICE

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20400%20350'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://www.accidentcounsel.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/08/practice-area-4.jpg)

### PREMISES LIABILITY

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20400%20350'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://www.accidentcounsel.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/08/practice-area-5.jpg)

### CONSTRUCTION SITE ACCIDENTS

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20400%20350'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://www.accidentcounsel.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/08/practice-area-6.jpg)

### DEFECTIVE PRODUCTS

![wrongfull
death](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20400%20350'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![wrongfull
death](https://www.accidentcounsel.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/10/wrongfull-
death-person-suffering-from-depression.jpg)

### Wrongful Death

  

### Get In Touch

350 Veterans Memorial Highway  
Commack, New York 11725

631-543-7070

Follow us on

__Facebook

### Pages

  * About Us
  * History of the Firm
  * Areas of Practice
  * Why Hire a Lawyer
  * Why Hire a Lawyer
  * Is There a Fee
  * Free Consultation
  * Contact Us
  * Glossary
  * Useful Links
  * Important Info
  * Verdicts and Settlements

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=333245575381360&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![Personal Injury Attorneys In Long
Island](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20370%2078'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![Personal
Injury Attorneys In Long Island](/wp-
content/uploads/2020/06/carnerdevitalogov2.png)

##### A Full Service Firm Since 1957

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20790%20264'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](/wp-
content/uploads/2022/03/AccidentCounselGMB.png)

(C) Copyright  Carner & DeVita   |   Dislcaimer  
  
**![everspark interactive
logo](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20919%20130'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![everspark
interactive logo](https://www.accidentcounsel.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/04/everspark-intreactive-w-logo.png)**

__

