410-405-7996 [email protected]

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Linkedin

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Linkedin

  * Home
  * About Us
    * Testimonials
  * Practice areas
    * Estate Planning, Wills and Trusts
    * Trust Administration
    * Planning for Your Children/Guardianship
    * Special Needs Planning
    * Elder Law and Medicaid Planning
    * Adult Guardianship
    * Asset Protection Planning
    * Estate Tax Planning
    * Probate Process
    * Business Entity Formation
    * Small Business General Counsel
    * Business Succession
    * Employment Law
  * Blog/Media
    * Blog
    * Video
    * Podcasts
  * Events
  * FAQs
  * Contact Us
  * Make Payment

Select Page

## Your Trusted Local Estate Planning, Family & Business Law Attorneys

###  _Partnering with you for successful legal outcomes_

Request a Free Consultation

#### Estate Planning, Wills and Trusts

Planning for your loved ones is the ultimate expression of love. We help you
get all your affairs in order, so your family is provided for, your assets
protected and allocated, and everyone has a peace of mind.

#### Business Counseling and Coaching

Turn your dreams into reality. We help you establish, maintain and transition
your business as you desire. Creating a detailed plan of action for business
continuity will protect you against incapacity or death.

#### Employment Law

The Employment relationship can be a difficult thing to navigate for
businesses and individuals. We provide counsel and representation for HR and
business matters regarding employers, employees and contractors.

#### ABOUT US

## Lawyers you can trust

We are dedicated to helping families and small business owners understand how
to leave their loved ones and colleagues in the best possible shape in the
event that tragedy strikes. Make sure your assets go where you want them to
and make sure your family and business are provided and planned for. Protect
your legacy with the Lundy Law Group.

About Us

#### PRACTICE AREAS

## Your Trusted Source for Estate Planning, Family and Small Business Law
Matters



Our experienced attorneys specialize in all matters relating to Estate
Planning, Family, Small Business and Employment law. Our process is simple, we
listen to your needs - then we offer personalized legal advice responsive to
your needs. Every family and small business deserves the best possible legal
advice. That is what the Lundy Law Group delivers!

##### Estate Planning

Estate planning consists of many options including, Wills, Trusts, Powers of
Attorney, and Advance Directives to name a few. We help get all of your
affairs in order so your family is well-provided, assets are protected and
allocated, and everyone has peace of mind

##### Small Business Planning

Business formation, legal counsel, and business succession planning are some
of the legal services we offer to small businesses. You can trust the Lundy
Law Group to help you choose the best company structure for maximum
protection. We will steer you to the best possible legal outcomes to ensure
business continuity.

## Legal Practice Areas

#### Family Law

Whether it’s a divorce, child custody or guardianship issues; we will help to
ensure your family issues are handled with the care and attention they
deserve.

#### Business Law

We will help identify the best legal structure to accomplish your goals and
ensure effective business operations, including succession and wind up
protocol.

#### Elder Law

Caring for an elderly loved one can be challenging; with numerous concerns to
consider. We can help to ensure that their rights and benefits are preserved.

#### Employment Law

We can help design corporate policies, hiring documents and the processes for
employees who are exiting the company. We can also help resolve issues in the
employment relationship.

#### Estate Planning Law

We will help you navigate the many options of estate planning to ensure you
have a peace of mind knowing that you have an effective plan and your wishes
are documented.

#### Immigration Law

For businesses and families, we will help you navigate all of the processes to
ensure that you comply with the regulations governing employment and
immigration laws.

#### WE DO THINGS DIFFERENTLY

## Friendly, neighborly, trustworthy. We’re here for you!



Our goal is to make everything easy for you. No matter if you have a
multimillion-dollar estate or something modest that you want to pass on to
your kids or someone else, we can help you plan for the future of your loved
ones so they are provided for.

Book a free 15-minute consultation

#### YOUR BUSINESS IS OUR BUSINESS

## We love helping small businesses because we are a small business too.

Our dedication to small businesses stems from our own experience as one. When
you are a small fish in a big pond, you want someone you can trust on your
side. That is the Lundy Law Group.

LIFT your business to the next level with solid Legal, ​Insurance, ​Financial
and ​Tax foundations + a trusted advisor to guide you.​

Send The Report

#### Personalized Service

You are not just a number to us. We fit our service to your situation. You
deserve legal advice as unique as you are.

#### Personalized Fees

We have different levels of fees to fit your family or business situation. No
one-size-fits-all approach here.

## Book a  
Free 15-minute  
consultation.

We are here to help with professional, personalized advice.

Contact us today

#### Caring Lawyers

The first thing we do with any client is listen. We want to learn all we can
about you to help you as best we can.

#### Professional Advice

Our goal is always to leave you with the best possible service. We help all
kinds of families and businesses at all stages of their lives.

## Meet Our Team

#### Paulette Lundy Columbia Estate Planning Attorney

Principal & Founder

#### Paulette Lundy

Principal & Founder

#### Kishia Robinson

Client Services Director

#### Kishia Robinson

Client Services Director

#### Fabian Fernander

Marketing Consultant

#### Fabian Fernander

Marketing Consultant



## Satisfied Clients

READ ALL TESTIMONIALS

Paulette presented the information at a gathering in our home. Everyone was
impressed with her presentation and her passion. Thanks again Paulette for
keeping us in the know and on the right path!

The Pritchetts

Perfecting Worship Center, MD

Paulette Lundy addresses the sensitive topics of wills, trusts, estates, and
end of life decisions with patience and compassion. Her process is thorough
and efficient. Paulette has a sincere interest in serving her client’s needs,
protecting their assets, and providing legal advice to smoothly navigate the
nuances of our state's legal system.

Shaun and Suzanne Fair

Owner, Three Brothers Italian Restaurant

#### BLOG

## Find helpful information about your legal questions here.

We have a plethora of legal resources for you to read to help you understand
the intricacies of family and business law. The more informed you are, the
better off you are.

More resources

##  Can a minor receive the benefits of a life insurance policy?

by Paulette Lundy | 1 Oct | 0 Comments

The short answer is no! If a minor child is a beneficiary of your insurance
policy or other financial assets, it is generally necessary to appoint a
guardian to manage the funds on the child's behalf. This is because, in most
cases, children are not legally competent...

##  Dementia's Untold Story: Safeguarding Your Legacy Through Estate Planning

by Paulette Lundy | 6 Jun | 0 Comments

Dementia is a cruel disease that robs us of our memories, communication
ability, and sense of self. It's a disease that can have devastating
consequences for families, particularly regarding estate planning. In this
blog article, we'll explore the story of a...

## ​Name Legal Guardians For Your Kids Now

to Make Sure They Will Never be Raised  
By Anyone You Wouldn't Want …  
It's Free, It's Easy, Now There Are No Excuses!

Learn more

Our experienced attorneys specialize in all matters relating to Estate
Planning, Family, Small Business and Employment law.

Every family and small business deserves the best possible legal advice. That
is what the Lundy Law Group delivers!

  * Follow
  * Follow
  * Follow

#### Practice Areas

####

5

Estate Planning, Wills and Trusts

5

Trust Administration

5

Planning for Your Children / Guardianship

5

Special Needs Planning

5

Elder Law and Medicaid Planning

5

Adult Guardianship

5

Asset Protection Planning

5

Estate Tax Planning

5

Probate Process

5

Business Entity Formation

5

Business Succession

5

Employment Law

#### Quick Links

####

5

Home

5

About Us

5

Services

5

Blog

5

Events

5

FAQs

5

Contact Us

#### Register here for our Legacy Minute Bi-Monthly Newsletter

## Success!

Email

Submit

## Affiliations/Memberships

##

Copyright 2020 Lundy Law Group. All rights reserved | Terms & Privacy |
Website developed by Creative Flow Inc.

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Linkedin

Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPress

