######  __(815) 356-8000

__

  * __Home
  * __About Us
  * __Legal Services

    * __Divorce
    * __Real Estate Law
    * __Estate & Probate Law
    * __Litigation
    * __Business Law
    * __Employment Law
    * __Family Law Attorney
    * __Foreclosure Attorney
    * __Woodstock, IL

  * __FAQ
  * __Contact Us

  * Home __ __
  * About Us __ __
  * Legal Services __ __
    * Divorce __ __
    * Real Estate Law __ __
    * Estate & Probate Law __ __
    * Litigation __ __
    * Business Law __ __
    * Employment Law __ __
    * Family Law Attorney __ __
    * Foreclosure Attorney __ __
    * Woodstock, IL __ __
  * FAQ __ __
  * Contact Us __ __

__

## Northwest Illinois to Northeast Wisconsin Attorneys

## There Are Solutions. Together we‚Äôll find the right option for you.

### There Are Solutions

###### Together We'll Find the Right Option for You

__

## Business Law

If you are in need of Corporate / Business related services, please visit us
here  
  
Learn more

## Litigation

In need of Commercial Litigation related services, please visit us here.  
  
Learn more

## Divorce & Custody

If you are in need of Divorce / Family related services, please visit us here  
  
Learn more

## Employment Law

If you are in need of Employment related services, please visit us here  
  
Learn more

## Estate & Probate

If you are in need of Estate / Probate related services, please visit us here  
  
Learn more

## Real Estate

If you are in need of Real Estate related services, please visit us here  
  
Learn more

### WHY CHOOSE US

If you‚Äôre in a situation where you need legal advice and service, we are here
to help you. We work with clients throughout Illinois and Wisconsin, providing
you with seasoned lawyers in multiple areas of practice. We are located in the
following cities: Crystal Lake IL, McHenry IL, Woodstock IL, Cary IL, Huntley
IL, St. Charles IL, and Sheboygan WI. We have over 50 years of combined
experience helping individuals, families, and businesses with a wide range of
different legal issues. For more information about how Melei Petsche Spencer
can help you regarding your legal matters, contact us today. We look forward
to working with you and representing your interests.

__

######  MILLIONS IN RECOVERIES

Our legal team has extensive trial experience and a proven track record of
success.

**Excellent**

Based on **17 reviews**

Stephanie Pilat

July 30, 2023.

Robbie, Sam, Will, and Andrew all helped us out along the way as we were
closing on our home! Andrew walked us through every document we signed at
closing and provided us with a thorough explanation of what we were signing.
This was especially helpful as a first time homebuyer.

Justin Synowiec

May 20, 2023.

Will was a great help with setting up my business properly. Make sure we are
protected. I highly recommend!

Justin Hamilton

May 17, 2023.

We initially had a consultation to discuss matters in relation to our
business. After further rapport & the advice I was given, I knew going forward
this was who I needed to hire to resolve some matters I had. If your looking a
quality attorney. Look no further these are your peopleüëç

Cy Nick

September 22, 2022.

I had a small claims court case against a garbage truck company for property
damage. I had never been involved as a defendant or plaintiff in a lawsuit
before, so I was extremely out of my element. On top of that, with the nature
of it being small claims, it didn't make sense to outright hire an attorney to
represent me and handle it on my behalf. However Will Petsche was able to give
me a consultation to guide me through the process of how everything worked,
what to expect, and how to navigate obstacles. I ended up winning my case, and
it was in no small thanks to Will's expertise, guidance, and general sense of
sense of compassion for the "little guy" vs a billion dollar company.
Hopefully I'm not in a position like this again, but if I am, I will
definitely retain his services and will recommend him to all friends and
family.

Jeff Garibay

June 27, 2019.

We hired William to create a legal document. He went above and beyond. Not
only did he quickly produce the document, we made sure he communicated during
the entire process. I highly recommend him.

Bridget F.

April 20, 2019.

Tom is great, got things done quickly!

Jane Kantor

March 12, 2019.

RMPS has my greatest faith in legal matters. They're experienced, reliable and
empathetic. My husband and I have had RMPS close on three homes, complete all
our estate planning and offer great advice on family matters. Thanks, RMPS!

# Top Chicagoland Attorneys

Since 1992, our firm has been a leader in handling business, real estate,
estate, and family law matters, as well as all types of commercial disputes
for our clients. Melei Petsche Spencer MPS Attorneys prides itself in getting
to know its clients so it can provide comprehensive and goal-oriented advice
and solutions to meet the needs of our clients. Communication with our clients
is paramount.

Our seasoned attorneys have developed expertise in numerous industries
including manufacturing, real estate, insurance, healthcare, and family law
throughout Crystal Lake IL, McHenry, Woodstock IL, Cary IL, Huntley IL, and
Sheboygan WI. Through experience, continuing education, and dedication, Melei
Petsche Spencer has handled some of the largest and most complex cases in the
area. For more information about how the Melei Petsche Spencer MPS Attorneys
can help you, contact us today for more information. We look forward to
working with you and representing your case.

#### WHY CHOOSE US?

__

######  CLIENT-FOCUSED APPROACH

We handle the legal aspects of your case so you can focus on what‚Äôs most
important ‚Äì you and your family.

__

######  COMMUNITY-FOCUSED

MPS is a trusted advocate for residents in McHenry, Kane & the surrounding
areas of Chicagoland.

__

######  EXPERIENCE ON YOUR SIDE

We are backed by over 50 years of experience on both sides of the courtroom.

__

######  STRONG CLIENT SATISFACTION

We are proud to be the go-to choice for injured clients in need of effective &
results-driven representation.

##### DON'T WAIT ‚Äî CONTACT US FOR YOUR FREE CONSULTATION!

Contact Us

##### Crystal Lake

 __

454 W Virginia St #100, Crystal Lake, IL 60014

##### St. Charles

 __

100 Illinois St Suite 200, St. Charles, IL 60174

##### Woodstock

 __

134 Cass Street, Unit 2C Woodstock, IL 60098

##### Wisconsin

 __

621 S 8th St, Sheboygan, WI 53081

### **(815) 356-8000**

##### Melei | Petsche | Spencer Attorneys

¬© 2024 Melei Petsche Spencer. All Rights Reserved. | Sitemap

