Richard Burt Professional Law Corporation  * Home  * Business Entity Formation  * Buy-Sell Agreement  * Selling a Business  * Non-Profit Governance  * Richard Burt Bio  * Book Chapters  * Business Law Blog  * ContactMenuCall (408) 286-7333 Send an email to Richard Burt now# ContactSending an email to Mr. Burt or leaving a voice mail for him or his assistant (and a reply from either) does not create an attorney-client relationship.A prospective client should **not** leave a confidential message by voice mail or send confidential information by email in seeking to hire Mr. Burt or in seeking a telephone consultation about hiring him.No attorney-client relationship will be formed until Mr. Burt has spoken to prospective client, determined that there is no conflict with an existing client, and the prospective client has signed an engagement letter prepared by Mr. Burt that sets forth the terms of the representation and, when requested, the prospective client has made a fee deposit.Please note that the initial consultation is solely to determine the nature of your legal matter and to discuss fees. Mr. Burt does not offer free legal advice.After an attorney-client relationship has been formed, voice mail and email may of course be freely used for attorney-client communications.If we try to call you at a telephone number that you provide to us and are unable to reach you (and your voice mail is full or is not set up), we may text you at that number to let you know that we tried to call you. By sending an email via this website or by calling and leaving a voice-mail message, you consent to receiving such texts. At any time, you may reply STOP to opt-out from further messages.NOTE: **Mr. Burt does not handle litigation of any kind**. If you wish to sue someone, are being sued, or need to make a court filing of any kind, Mr. Burt cannot help you. You should not contact him for those services.**Richard Burt Professional Law Corporation  **55 S Market St #1500 **  **San Jose, CA 95113Phone: (408) 286-7333Send an email to Richard Burt now    ---      * Home  * Business Entity Formation  * Buy-Sell Agreement  * Selling a Business  * Non-Profit Governance  * Richard Burt Bio  * Book Chapters  * Business Law Blog  * Contact  *   *   *   * ### Richard Burt Professional Law Corporation  * 55 S Market St #1500,   San Jose, CA 95113  Phone: (408) 286-7333  * ### Office Hours  * Monday - Friday 9AM-6PM    Send an Email to Richard Burt now  *   *   * * * *This website provides general information, which may or may not be current, complete, or correct at the time of reading. Nothing contained in this website constitutes legal advice. No attorney-client relationship is created by any use of this website. This website constitutes attorney advertising but is not intended to convey availability for professional employment for any legal matter outside of the State of California.Content Copyright 2024. Richard Burt Professional Law Corporation. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Map Sitemap EarthBy clicking "I Agree" below, you agree to the following.In communicating through a website with a lawyer you are thinking of hiring, you should not provide any confidential information concerning your legal matter until an attorney-client relationship has been formed. Sending an email to Richard Burt through this website (or otherwise) and receiving a reply does not create an attorney-client relationship.No attorney-client relationship will be formed until you and Richard Burt have agreed that he should represent you, he has determined that there is no conflict with an existing client, and you have signed an engagement letter that sets forth the terms of the representation.After an attorney-client relationship has been formed, email (and voice mail) may of course be freely used for confidential attorney-client communications.If we try to call you at a telephone number that you provide to us and are unable to reach you (and your voice mail is full or is not set up), we may text you at that number to let you know that we tried to call you. By sending an email via this website or by calling and leaving a voice-mail message, you consent to receiving such texts. At any time, you may reply STOP to opt-out from further messages.I agree First Name (required):  Last Name (required):  Phone Number (required):  Email :  Your Message (required):  Please leave this field empty. 