![Rosenberg & Estis, P.C.](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1101496/2022/09/RE-
brand-2022.jpg)

  * Home
  * About
  * Attorneys
  * Practice Areas
  * News & Events
  * Careers
  * Contact

  * Home
  * About
    * Board of Directors
    * Awards & Recognitions
    * Diversity & Inclusion
    * Firm Culture
  * Attorneys
    * Members
    * Special Counsel
    * Of Counsel
    * Associates
    * Juris Doctors
  * Practice Areas
    * Administrative Law / Rent Regulations
    * Construction
    * Co-Op / Condo
    * Litigation
    * Opportunity Zones
    * Property Tax (Certiorari)
    * Reorganization & Bankruptcy
    * State & Federal Court Appeals
    * Tax Incentives & Affordable Housing
    * Transactions
    * Trusts & Estates
    * Zoning & Land Use
  * News & Events
    * Blog
    * In the News
    * Industry Updates
    * Newsletters
    * NYLJ Articles
    * Press Releases
    * R&E Events
    * Podcast
  * Careers
    * Work With The Best
    * Current Available Positions
  * Contact
  * X Close

Search for:

Contact

About

  * Board of Directors
  * Awards & Recognitions
  * Diversity & Inclusion
  * Firm Culture

Attorneys

  * Members
  * Special Counsel
  * Of Counsel
  * Associates
  * Juris Doctors

Practice Areas

  * Administrative Law / Rent Regulations
  * Construction
  * Co-Op / Condo
  * Litigation
  * Opportunity Zones
  * Property Tax (Certiorari)
  * Reorganization & Bankruptcy
  * State & Federal Court Appeals
  * Tax Incentives & Affordable Housing
  * Transactions
  * Trusts & Estates
  * Zoning & Land Use

News & Events

  * Blog
  * In The News
  * Industry Updates
  * Newsletters
  * NYLJ Articles
  * Press Releases
  * R&E Events
  * Podcast

Careers

  * Work With The Best
  * Current Available Positions

# With over 90 attorneys, Rosenberg & Estis, P.C. is New York City’s largest
firm focusing solely on real estate. Our full-service firm collaborates on
every aspect of real estate to provide comprehensive legal representation to
owners, developers, investors and stakeholders.

Learn More

  * Administrative Law / Rent Regulations
  * Construction
  * Co-Op / Condo
  * Litigation
  * Opportunity Zones
  * Property Tax (Certiorari)
  * Reorganization & Bankruptcy
  * State & Federal Court Appeals
  * Tax Incentives & Affordable Housing
  * Transactions
  * Trusts & Estates
  * Zoning & Land Use
  * X Close

**![](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1101496/2023/09/RE-Crains-Team-1.png)Rosenberg
& Estis, P.C. is thrilled to announce our inclusion on Crain’s 2023 list of
****Best Places to Work in NYC! This honor is a testament to the dedication
and collaboration of** **Rosenberg & Estis, P.C.’s premier legal team, as well
as the diversity and commitment of our staff. **

**We are proud to provide a working environment where talent thrives, and we
look forward to** **continuing to set a standard of excellence within the
legal real estate industry.**

## Published Works

  * Local Law 97 kicks off this January. Is your building on track? (Part I: Overview)
  * Are Inclusionary Air Rights Unique? Specific Performance Revisited
  * Up in Smoke: Retail Leases With Unlicensed Cannabis Dispensaries Laced With New Legal Risks

## Recent Matters

  * Rosenberg & Estis Wins Case of First Impression that Helps Lenders, Servicers Prevent Borrower Delays in Commercial Foreclosure Proceedings
  * Rosenberg & Estis Secures First Court Order Preventing Airbnb and Tenant from Illegally Listing Apartment
  * Rosenberg & Estis Wins Order Denying Tenant’s Effort to Quash Bank Record Subpoena

## Industry Updates

  * Decoding Local Law 97: Owners and Operators Navigating NYC’s Green Future – Inside R&E Podcast
  * DHCR Issues Guidance re: 2023 RSC Amendments
  * NYC DOF Certification of Continuing Use Deadline January 5, 2024 for NFP Exemption, ICIP Exemption & ICAP Abatement

## Areas of Practice

**Administrative Law** **/ Rent Regulations**

**Construction**

**Co-op / Condo**

**Litigation**

**Opportunity Zones**

**Property Tax (Certiorari)**

**Reorganization & Bankruptcy**

**State & Federal Court Appeals**

**Tax Incentives & Affordable Housing**

**Transactions**

**Trusts & Estates**

**Zoning & Land Use**

## New York City’s Premier Real Estate Law Firm

Rosenberg & Estis, P.C. is New York City's largest firm focusing solely on
real estate. We are proud of the way we have shaped the NYC skyline for nearly
50 years.

Our attorneys anticipate real estate trends and approach them with creative
solutions, making us the ideal thought partner for owners, developers, not-
for-profit corporations, educational institutions, sponsors, equity investors
and lenders in both real estate transactions and in all court venues,
including landlord-tenant court, State Supreme Court, Federal Courts and the
Appellate Terms, Appellate Divisions, and Court of Appeals.

Rosenberg & Estis provides full service representation and advice in every
aspect of real estate, from performing due diligence and evaluating financing,
to handling joint ventures, acquisitions and leasing, construction and design
team agreements, property tax exemptions and abatements, land use and zoning
matters, real estate tax protests and certiorari, co-op and condo offering
plan filings, distressed situations and bankruptcies, as well as the
litigations and negotiations which sometimes ensue when deal making.

![podcast picture](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1101496/2023/04/podcast-pic.png)

## Inside R&E Podcast

Inside R&E is a podcast hosted by New York City’s leading real estate
attorneys who discuss current issues facing developers, owners and operators
in the industry. In our latest episode, Michael T. Carr, R&E Litigation
Member, re-examines the current state of Local Law 97 with Jac Zadrima and
MacKenzie Forsberg, Co-Founders of Genesis Realty Group LLC, as the New York
City Department of Buildings continues to unveil details surrounding the rules
and guidelines. Their discussion offers clarity to NYC owners and operators
across many of the most crucial intricacies of LL 97 – such as Covered
Buildings under Article 321, prescriptive measures, key compliance dates,
financing strategies and pathways to compliance, as well as the use of
consultants or related experts, like architects and engineers. While the
broader landscape of NYC’s ambitious climate action plan continues to evolve,
this episode seeks to provide real estate professionals – as well as residents
and tenants – the knowledge and tools needed to achieve carbon reduction goals
and to mitigate exposure to penalties when compliance is not possible within
target periods.

Click here to listen.

## The Latest at R&E

![](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1101496/2023/11/cle-slide.jpg)

## Mattone Institute CLE: Cannabis Complications in NYC Real Estate

R&E Member Adam Lindenbaum and Associates Harris W. Davidson and John P. Amato
presented a virtual CLE, “Cannabis Complications in NYC Real Estate,” as part
of the Mattone Institute CLE Series by St. John’s School of Law. The CLE
follows Adam and Harris’ cannabis article published in The Real Deal along
with their recent cannabis episode on the Inside R&E Podcast.

![](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1101496/2023/11/lawschoolslide.jpg)

## Rosenberg & Estis at Columbia’s Diversity Expo and NYU’s Practice Area Fair

R&E Member Ted Metzger and Associate Layla C. Noriega represented the firm at
Columbia Law School’s Diversity Expo, highlighting our distinction among
Crain’s 2023 Best Places to Work in NYC and membership in the Leadership
Council on Legal Diversity, while also sharing insights about R&E’s
comprehensive real estate practice. Associate Stephen A. Millington also
recently manned the real estate practice area table at New York University
School of Law’s Practice Area Fair. His participation received outstanding
feedback from the Office of Career Services, as well as individual students
who sought Stephen’s career advice as they approach graduation.

![](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1101496/2023/10/blsslide-1.jpg)

## Fall Alumni Panel Presented by Brooklyn Law School’s Real Estate Society

R&E Member Alex M. Estis, a third generation alumnus of Brooklyn Law School,
was invited to speak on the Fall Alumni Panel hosted by Brooklyn Law School’s
Real Estate Society. Alex spoke to the students about how to advise clients on
ever-adapting markets in real estate and the current state of the industry at
large. Alex’s presentation received incredible feedback from the law students
in attendance, and we look forward to future opportunities to collaborate with
BLS which has shaped generations of R&E attorneys.

## Contact Rosenberg & Estis, P.C.

Email us for a response

## Contact Our Office

![Rosenberg & Estis, P.C.](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1101496/2022/09/RE-brand-
footer-2022.jpg)

733 Third Avenue  
New York, NY 10017  
New York Office

Phone: 212-867-6000  
Fax: 212-551-8484

  * Follow
  * Follow
  * Follow
  * Follow
  * Follow

Subscribe

Review Us

Subscribe

© 2023 Rosenberg & Estis, P.C. All Rights Reserved.

Disclaimer | Site Map | Privacy Policy

