Skip to content

![Frankel Law Firm Logo](/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/frankel-logo.svg)

**Phone:** (212) 888-5100  Free Case Evaluation

  * Lead Poisoning

    * Lead Poisoning Resources
    * Lead Poisoning Lawyer 

    * Lead Poisoning Articles
    * Testing For Lead Based Paint and Lead Dust In Apartments and Homes – The Case of Lead Dust in a Child’s Crib 
    * Detecting Low Lead Levels In Children 
    * Study Suggest Link of Autism to Prenatal & Early Life Exposure to Lead 

###  Lead Poisoning Questions?

Get Help Now

  * Areas of Practice

    * Auto Accidents 
    * Bicycle Accidents 
    * Burn Injuries 
    * Bus Accidents 
    * Child Injuries 
    * Construction Accidents 
    * Crane Accidents 
    * Defective Products 
    * Elevator Accidents 
    * Lead Poisoning 
    * Lyft Car Accidents 

    * Mediation 
    * Motorcycle Accidents 
    * Nursing Home Neglect 
    * Personal Injury 
    * Police Brutality 
    * Scaffolding Accidents 
    * School Injuries 
    * Slip & Fall 
    * Sports Injuries 
    * Truck Accidents 
    * Uber Auto Accidents 

###  Don’t see the category for your type of case?

Contact Us

  * Our Firm

    * Client Testimonials 
    * Attorneys 
    * FAQs 

    * Verdicts & Settlements 
    * In The Media 
    * Press Releases 

###  We Are Trial Attorneys who get results.

Free Case Evaluation

  * Legal News Magazine

    * Legal News Magazine 
    * Questions on the Law 

###  Stay up to date with our latest news

See Legal News

  * Contact Us

#  Attorneys

##  Michael Stewart Frankel

Founder / Attorney

Read Full Bio

##  Richard H. Bliss

Of Counsel

Read Full Bio

##  Reuven S. Frankel

Attorney

Read Full Bio

![Frankel Law Firm Logo](/wp-content/uploads/2017/07/frankel-logo-white.svg)

  *   * 

  * Practice Areas 
  * Lead Poisoning
  * Bicycle Accidents
  * Constuction Accidents
  * Defective Products 

  * Our Firm 
  * Verdicts & Settlements
  * Our Lawyers
  * FAQs
  * Contact

  * Client Testimonials 
  * Legal News 
  * Questions On the Law
  * Press Releases

  * Telephone
  * 212 888 5100

  * Principal Office
  * 100 Church St 8th Floor
  * New York City, New York
  * 10007

  * Bronx Office
  * 1200 Waters Place
  * Bronx, New York
  * 10461

  * (C) 2023 Frankel Law Firm
  * Privacy Policy
  * Sitemap

Site by Werra

This website is attorney advertising. Any testimonial contained in this
website is solely the opinion and/or impressions of the person giving the
testimonial. It should not be construed as a statement of fact or a
representation of any special competence or ability of any attorney. This
website shall not be deemed to be providing legal advice. This website is
intended to provide general legal education and/or news. Nothing contained
herein shall be deemed as establishing an attorney client relationship which
will only be established after the parties agree to such a relationship and
only upon the execution of a formal written and signed retainer agreement.
This law firm practices only in the State of New York.

*Any testimonial contained in this website is solely the opinion and or impressions of the person giving the testimonial and shall not be construed as a statement of fact or representation of any special competence or ability of an attorney.

**Membership, association and/or awards in or by any organization shall not be
construed as representing or implying any specialized or unique competence in
the practice of and/or in any particular area of law. Each case is different
and success in any current or prior case shall not be deemed imply that the
same or similar result may follow in another matter.

***The amount of any recovery, settlement or verdict and/or success of any
legal issue of any prior case shall not be construed as a representation of
the result which will or may be obtained in any other case. Each case has its
own unique and individual facts and legal issues. The success or result of any
prior case does not and shall not be taken or understood as an indication,
illustration and/or predictor, of any similar success in any other case. The
amounts of verdicts and settlements or success on legal issues may be deemed
to illustrate the experience and cases previously handled and shall not be
construed as a predictor of a similar result in any other case. Prior results
do not guarantee a similar outcome. A complete and independent analysis by
counsel of your individual case will be required to assess the merits and
issues presented.

