Skip to main content

__

Contact Us __(732) 494-6099

![Wiley Lavender Maknoor Logo](https://www.wileylavendermaknoor.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/04/wlm-logo-bold-white-4-e1681935989922.png)

__

  * Home
  * Our Vision
    * Testimonials
  * Attorneys
    * John Wiley, Jr.
    * Larry Lavender, Jr.
    * Pankaj Maknoor
  * Practice Areas
    * Divorce
      * Alimony
      * Child Custody
      * Child Support
      * Domestic Violence in Divorce
      * Grandparents’ Visitation Rights
      * High-Asset Divorce
      * Mediation
      * Post-Decree Modification
      * Prenuptial and Postnuptial Agreements
    * Car Accidents
      * DUI/DWI Defense
    * Motorcycle Accidents
    * Trucking Accidents
    * Slip and Fall Injuries
    * Wrongful Death
    * Business Law
      * Commercial Litigation
    * Real Estate
  * Blog
  * Contact
    * Areas We Serve

__

GET A FREE CONSULTATION

# Testimonials

Home » Testimonials

Write a Review

## Please take a moment to review your experience with us.  
Your feedback not only helps us, it helps other potential clients.

  

### Make a selection:

![Image](/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/icons8-thumbs-up-208.png)  
I had a positive experience.

![Image](/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/icons8-thumbs-down-208.png)  
I had a negative experience.

Thank you! We need your help. Would you share your experience on one of these
sites?  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/review-us-on-google-button-2.png)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/review-us-on-fb-button.png)  
  
« Back

![](/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/ic_rate_review_white.png)

#### Rate and review

Wiley Lavender Maknoor  
216 Amboy Ave.  
Metuchen, New Jersey 08840

×

  * name*

  * email*

  * Rating*

Excellent (5 Stars)Pretty good (4 Stars)Neutral (3 Stars)Not so great (2
Stars)Terrible (1 Star)

  * Share details*

POST __

Δ

G

### Glen Reppy

17/08/2022

Wiley Lavender Maknoor helped us with our estate planning documents. They were
professional, attentive and very responsive. They made the whole process go
very smoothly, easy and quickly. Special acknowledgment to paralegal Anna-
Maria who held our hand through this whole process. We would highly recommend
this firm.

S

### Steven Kraska

23/06/2022

We have been using Wiley Lavender Maknoor for over 25 years. In that time,
they have helped us with many issues regarding personal and business matters.
Their team is knowledgeable, experienced, and professional. We would recommend
them to anyone.

J

### Jeff Dattilo

12/07/2022

I have used this firm for over 15 years. They do a fantastic job all the time.
I have had them close many deals, and the entire team is wonderful. Special
shout out to Holly!! Great work and always treated fairly with the fees.
Highly recommend!!!

A

### Abbas

09/06/2022

Have been going to this office since 1995 for all my legal work. Would 1000
percent recommend. Everyone here is super helpful and pleasant to deal with.

M

### Mike Harrison

26/05/2022

I must say the service I received here was excellent Anna-Maria was a pleasure
to work with if your in need of a good lawyer please use them they get the job
done !!

S

### Sherri Aber

26/05/2022

I was very comfortable with the planning of my mother's estate. The staff was
great with everything.

A

### Autumn Phan

26/05/2022

I would highly recommend this law firm. They are very professional and did an
excellent job with my case.

M

### Michele Pickett

25/05/2022

We have used this firm for over ten years for all of our legal needs including
living wills, real estate, as well as representing us in a personal injury
case. Their team of lawyers and staff are very professional and they always
take the time to explain the process and answer all of our questions. We are
confident knowing that our best interest is always uppermost with WLM.

E

### Era

01/03/2022

I have worked with this law firm for multiple real estate transactions (buying
and selling). They take great care and I would highly recommend them to anyone
looking for legal advice. Prompt communication, reliable and professional. I
will definitely be working with them again and look forward to it.

  * Contact us now. * Required fields
  * First Name*

  * Last Name*

  * Email Address*

  * Phone Number*

  * Description*

  *  __Hidden

Untitled

Submit __

Δ

![Wiley Lavender Maknoor Logo](https://www.wileylavendermaknoor.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/04/wlm-logo-bold-white-4-e1681935989922.png)

  * New Jersey Office

216 Amboy Ave  
Metuchen, New Jersey 08840

Get Directions (732) 494-6099

  * __
  * ___
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __

![Wiley Lavender Maknoor, PC BBB accredited business
profile](https://m.bbb.org/terminuscontent/dist/img/business-
profile/accreditation/AB-seal-horz.svg)

BBB RATING: A+

  * Home
  * Practice Areas
  * Our Vision
  * Attorneys
  * Contact
  * Blog

  * (C)2024 Wiley Lavender Maknoor.
  *  | All Rights Reserved.
  *  | Sitemap | Privacy Policy

  * Contact Us for a Consultation Schedule your free consultation.
  * Name*

  * Email

  * Phone

  * Description

Contact Us __

Δ

