Skip to content

212-583-9500

![](https://pechmanlaw.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/Asset-1.png)

  * En Español

  * Services
    * Counseling Employers
    * Department of Labor Investigations
    * Employment Contracts
    * Employment Discrimination
    * Independent Contractor / Exempt Issues
    * Restaurant Pay Lawsuits
    * Severance Agreements
    * Sex Harassment Cases
    * Union-Management Relations
    * Wage Theft and Overtime Pay
    * Bi-Weekly Late Pay Violations
    * Prevailing Wage Cases
  * Our Team
  * Blog
  * Media
  * Contact
  * Get a Consultation

  * Services
    * Counseling Employers
    * Department of Labor Investigations
    * Employment Contracts
    * Employment Discrimination
    * Independent Contractor / Exempt Issues
    * Restaurant Pay Lawsuits
    * Severance Agreements
    * Sex Harassment Cases
    * Union-Management Relations
    * Wage Theft and Overtime Pay
    * Bi-Weekly Late Pay Violations
    * Prevailing Wage Cases
  * Our Team
  * Blog
  * Media
  * Contact
  * Get a Consultation

![](https://pechmanlaw.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/Asset-1.png)

Bars __

# New York's Premier Employment Law Firm

Ranked in the Top 1%

AV Preeminent for Ethical Standards

New York Super Lawyer Since 2007

Selected as Top 100 New York Super Lawyers

10.0 Superb Rating from AVVO

Ranked in the Top 1%

AV Preeminent for Ethical Standards

New York Super Lawyer Since 2007

Selected as Top 100 New York Super Lawyers

10.0 Superb Rating from AVVO

## Our Mission

Pechman Law Group represents workers and businesses in workplace disputes.
Because our firm represents both employees and management, we have a unique
perspective on workplace dynamics. We have advocated for busboys and
construction workers, as well as corporate executives and Fortune 500
companies. Our experience with and ability to see all the angles of a dispute
has earned us a reputation for resolving difficult cases. Some of our record
settlements have made headlines, but we are equally proud of those cases that
have been resolved without any public drama.

## What We Do

At Pechman Law Group, we have assembled a group of seasoned professionals who
have the intellectual prowess to analyze complicated legal situations and the
practical skills to keep clients out of harm’s way.  Handling over a thousand
cases has provided us with an appreciation that although patterns exist, each
workplace dispute comes with its own particular challenges.  Whether the issue
is discrimination, overtime disputes, non-compete agreements, wrongful
termination, severance agreements, sex harassment or any other claim involving
worker rights or employer responsibilities, we have the experience to help you
meet your goals.

## Why Choose Us?

Pechman Law Group has been recognized by U.S. News’ Best Law Firms as a Tier 1
law firm in Employment Law for Individuals and Labor Law for Management. Lou
Pechman has been previously been selected by Super Lawyers as one of the “Top
100” lawyers in New York City, has been featured in the Wall Street Journal,
is an Adjunct Professor at Fordham Law School, and has been recognized by
LawDragon as one of the 500 Leading U.S. Corporate Employment Lawyers.

Get a Consultation

## What Our Clients Say About Us

75 +

5 Star Reviews on Google

__

__

Richard Beckman

Read More

Lou Pechman is excellent in negotiating employment and separation agreements.
He has been a trusted advisor in my successful transition through the C suites
of several companies in the biotech industry. Lou is experienced, well
respected by other attorneys, and easy to work with. He is a first-rate
attorney in all respects. **There is no other person that I would rather have
in my corner.**

Shari Ajayi

Read More

I am so thankful for the services of Pechman Law Group. They were **at all
times professional, thorough, timely, and understanding** with regard to the
needs of my case. It was clear that they would tirelessly advocate for me.
They helped to deliver a favorable judgement that was beyond my expectations.
I would very much recommend this law firm for anyone that needs representation
in the New York City area.

Benjamin Blumenthal

Read More

Our experience with Pechman Law Group was truly exceptional. **They are
professional, courteous and super savvy.** We highly recommend them and look
forward to working with them in the future as well. Thank you !

Rebecca Pollock

Read More

Lou Pechman and his team are the utmost professionals. They are very
responsive and explained everything clearly, making sure I felt comfortable
every step of the way with the process and eventual positive outcome. I
appreciate their dedication and expertise in handling my challenging case. I
highly recommend Lou and his team!

Steven Sperandio

Read More

I strongly recommend the services of Pechman Law Group, who successfully
protected me and resolved a difficult employment separation dispute for me
this past summer. They are first-rate in all respects -- and if you're looking
for a successful result, **these are the attorneys you want on your team.**

Lauren Buxbaum

Read More

Very well versed on New York State employment law over the spectrum of
executive compensation. The Pechman team is a strong advisor and partner,
whether for corporations or on behalf of individuals. **Smart, communicative,
high integrity.**

Misha Guy

Read More

**Smart and aggressive advocates for executives.** When you hire Pechman Law
Group, the company’s attorney is on notice that you have the best in New York.
Special thanks to Franco and Lou for a job well done. I really appreciate you
both.

Isis McGee

Read More

Pechman Law Group is an exceptional law firm in New York. My first time
experience with a law group couldn't have been more **clear, concise, detailed
oriented and result driven.** Vivianna is diligent, professional and kind, she
makes sure all the details are covered but does so in a relaxed manner. Lou
was a great presence to have as well during the process, you can see all his
years of experience along with his team has created a positive reputation for
getting great results. If you are searching for a Law Group, Pechman is an
excellent choice, as they fully understand the business.

Kimya Harper

Read More

I had a great experience with the Pechman Law Group. Lou Pechman and his team
helped me through a difficult time and enabled me to reach an "amicable
resolution" of my issues. These attorneys are **smart, responsive and well
respected.** I would use them again without reservation.

Christopher Hibbert

Read More

I asked my sister who is an attorney as well who was **the best employment
attorney in New York City** for employment dispute and she recommended Pechman
Law Group. Louis and his team are **aggressive, strategic and they get
results.** I highly recommend them.

David Gershen

Read More

I worked directly with Lou Pechman and his team to achieve a successful
outcome to my employment contract issue. Lou devised a strategy to work with
my employer and their attorney that achieved the goal of getting them to
provide me with everything I was contractually entitled to in a very
professional and cordial manner. **He also managed to keep me calm during the
whole process.** I highly recommend Lou and his team.

Arthur Brian Starr

Read More

The attorneys at Pechman Law Group are not afraid to rumble with the big
corporations. **Very aggressive but also client focused and tactical.**
Special thanks to Lou and his team for getting me through a difficult
litigation.

Edward K. Nowakowski

Read More

My company was sued for employment discrimination and Lou Pechman defended the
case. Lou’s deposition of the plaintiff was surgical and her case unraveled
and was ultimately dropped! A+ work and an amazing result.

Maxine Levy

Read More

I have worked with many law firms during my career and I have seen all kinds
of attorneys. Pechman Law Group was extraordinary. They gave opinions and
guidance based on the law and their experience not based on financial
opportunities for them personally. I will always appreciate their practicality
and willingness to help. I received excellent legal advice combined with good
sense.

Justino Garcia

Read More

Pechman Law Group won a $675,000 settlement for me and 8 coworkers at Waverly
Diner who cheated us out of our overtime pay. **These attorneys are warriors
for workers.** Thank you Lou and Vivianna and the team at Pechman Law.

Andjela Stefanovic

__Read More

**Lou and Galen stuck with me and my three fellow waiters at Heidelberg
Restaurant for a lawsuit that took four years but ultimately we won a
settlement of $170K.** Thank you for your tenacity and always being there for
us for an update or reassurance on the case. Forever grateful.

Becca McMurdie

__Read More

**When I asked my relative, an attorney in New York, who was the #1 employment
attorney in NYC, he did not hesitate to recommend Lou Pechman.** Lou and his
colleagues exceeded expectations by a mile. Lou handled negotiations like a
chess master and achieved an outstanding result. Overall, A+ experience.

Carlos Martinez

__Read More

**Pechman Law Group has been courteous, professional and understanding
throughout my litigation process with them.** I was periodically assured with
a well-crafted game plan, and they'll walk you through every step while giving
you sound advice and counseling. I'm very grateful for Gianfranco's guidance.
I highly recommend this law office for any laborer, immigrant or otherwise, in
order to resolve their work issues and be assured and guided throughout.

Isabel Estrada

__Read More

**These attorneys are the perfect antidote for toxic work situation.** Great
practical advice!

Nelly Ayala

__Read More

**Bravo Pechman Law Group. We appreciate all you did for us!!!**

Daniel L. Ramos

__Read More

**From the moment I reached out, Pechman Law firm was kind and understanding.
My attorney Gianfranco put me at ease and kept me updated throughout my
case.** I am very happy with the result of my case and highly recommend this
law firm.

Casey Roby

__Read More

**A very professional team. They were quick to respond and careful to ensure
that I understood my rights as well as my legal obligations.** Walked away
happy and well informed!

__ Previous

__ Next

## Practice Areas

###  Wage Theft and Overtime Pay

We have established a reputation as the nation’s leading law firm in wage
theft cases.

###  Union-Management Relations

We handle union organizing drives and collective bargaining negotiations.

###  Sex Harassment Cases

Our firm has handled many high profile sex harassment cases.

###  Severance Agreements

We have represented 100+ executives in severance negotiations.

###  Restaurant Pay Lawsuits

We are experts in restaurant pay law and host waiterpay.com

###  Prevailing Wage Cases

We handle prevailing wage cases.

###  Independent Contractor / Exempt Issues

Pechman Law knows Independent Contractor and Exempt Issues.

###  Employment Discrimination

Race, LGBTQ, religion discrimination - we have seen it all.

###  Employment Contracts

We have negotiated employment contracts in a myriad of industries.

###  Department of Labor Investigations

Uh oh. Call us if the Department of Labor is at your door.

###  Counseling Employers

We counsel employers so that they avoid mistakes that lead to lawsuits.

###  Bi-Weekly Late Pay Violations

We prosecute bi-weekly late payment cases.

## Pechman Law in the News

__ See more

![©The New Yorker](https://pechmanlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/12/240101_r43561web-story.jpg-768x768.webp)

###  Has Gratuity Culture Reached a Tipping Point?

Read More

![](https://pechmanlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/08/Screenshot-2023-08-31-at-10.56.35-AM-768x337.png)

###  Morgan Stanley Under Fire for Reverse Discrimination

Read More

![](https://pechmanlaw.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/Asset-1.png)

###  Wage Theft and Biweekly Pay Lawsuit

Read More

__ See more

## How can we help?

## 212-583-9500

Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.

Name *

First

Last

Email *

Phone

Comment or Message *

Agreement *

  * I have read the disclaimer *

DISCLAIMER: The use of the Internet or this form for communication with
Pechman Law Group PLLC or any person at the firm does not establish an
attorney-client relationship. Confidential or time-sensitive information
should not be sent through this form. Please verify that you have read the
disclaimer.

Submit![Loading](https://pechmanlaw.com/wp-
content/plugins/wpforms/assets/images/submit-spin.svg)

![](https://pechmanlaw.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/07/pechmanlawlogo-blue.png)

  * 488 Madison Avenue, Suite 1704  
New York, NY 10022

  * [email protected]
  * (212) 583-9500

Facebook __ Twitter __ Linkedin __

## Practice Areas

###  Bi-Weekly Late Pay Violations

###  Counseling Employers

###  Department of Labor Investigations

###  Employment Contracts

###  Employment Discrimination

###  Independent Contractor / Exempt Issues

###  Prevailing Wage Cases

###  Restaurant Pay Lawsuits

###  Severance Agreements

###  Sex Harassment Cases

###  Union-Management Relations

###  Wage Theft and Overtime Pay

Attorney advertising. Pechman Law Group PLLC, 488 Madison Avenue, New York,
New York 10022 (Phone number 212-583-9500). The material contained on this
website is for informational purposes only and should not be considered legal
advice. An attorney-client relationship is not created by visiting this
website.

  * Services
    * Counseling Employers
    * Department of Labor Investigations
    * Employment Contracts
    * Employment Discrimination
    * Independent Contractor / Exempt Issues
    * Restaurant Pay Lawsuits
    * Severance Agreements
    * Sex Harassment Cases
    * Union-Management Relations
    * Wage Theft and Overtime Pay
    * Bi-Weekly Late Pay Violations
    * Prevailing Wage Cases
  * Our Team
  * Blog
  * Media
  * Contact
  * Get a Consultation

