Skip to main content

__

Contact Us __(732) 494-6099

![Wiley Lavender Maknoor Logo](https://www.wileylavendermaknoor.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/04/wlm-logo-bold-white-4-e1681935989922.png)

__

  * Home
  * Our Vision
    * Testimonials
  * Attorneys
    * John Wiley, Jr.
    * Larry Lavender, Jr.
    * Pankaj Maknoor
  * Practice Areas
    * Divorce
      * Alimony
      * Child Custody
      * Child Support
      * Domestic Violence in Divorce
      * Grandparents’ Visitation Rights
      * High-Asset Divorce
      * Mediation
      * Post-Decree Modification
      * Prenuptial and Postnuptial Agreements
    * Car Accidents
      * DUI/DWI Defense
    * Motorcycle Accidents
    * Trucking Accidents
    * Slip and Fall Injuries
    * Wrongful Death
    * Business Law
      * Commercial Litigation
    * Real Estate
  * Blog
  * Contact
    * Areas We Serve

__

GET A FREE CONSULTATION

# _Your Hometown_ LAW FIRM

### Personal Injury, Divorce, Commercial and Residential Real Estate, DUI/DWI,
Litigation and Corporate Law

## Practice Areas

![Divorce](https://www.wileylavendermaknoor.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/divorce-lawyers-in-new-jersey.jpg) Divorce

![Car Accidents](https://www.wileylavendermaknoor.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/08/new-jersey-car-accident-lawyers.webp) Car Accidents

![Motorcycle Accidents](https://www.wileylavendermaknoor.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/08/new-jersey-motorcycle-accident-lawyers.webp)
Motorcycle Accidents

![Truck Accidents](https://www.wileylavendermaknoor.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/08/new-jersey-truck-accident-lawyer.webp) Truck Accidents

![Slip & Fall](https://www.wileylavendermaknoor.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/08/new-jersey-slip-and-fall-lawyers.webp) Slip & Fall

![Business Law](https://www.wileylavendermaknoor.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/business-lawyers.webp) Business Law

![Wrongful Death](https://www.wileylavendermaknoor.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/08/new-jersey-wrongful-death-attorney.webp) Wrongful
Death

## Case Results

### $750,000

Motorcyclist struck by a car.

Learn More

### $400,000

Dog walker struck by a vehicle in a cross walk.

Learn More

### $375,000

Driver rear ended by a tow truck driver.

Learn More

### $350,000

Rear-end car accident settlement.

Learn More

### $275,000

Professor injured in highway collision.

Learn More

### $200,000

Pedestrian struck by vehicle.

Learn More

### $100,000

Car accident settlement for passenger injured in intersection collision.

Learn More

## Our Attorneys

![](https://www.wileylavendermaknoor.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/08/John_Wiley_headshot_thm.jpg)

### John Wiley, Jr.

PARTNER

About John

![](https://www.wileylavendermaknoor.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/01/Larry2.jpg)

### Larry Lavender, Jr.

PARTNER

About Larry

![](https://www.wileylavendermaknoor.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/08/Pankaj_Maknoor_headshot_thm_jfif.jpg)

### Pankaj Maknoor

PARTNER

About Pankaj

### Our vision

While life has been disrupted by the coronavirus pandemic, we continue to
focus on the needs of our clients. Our team has planned for this national
health crisis and has the ability to serve our clients remotely should that
requirement arise. We are ready to adapt as circumstances change. We are here
for you. Please do not hesitate to contact us with any concerns about your
matter.

### Make the law make sense

The attorneys of Wiley Lavender Maknoor help individuals, families, and
businesses throughout the State of New Jersey.

Whether you are buying a house or planning to build a development, going to
municipal court, injured as a result of someone else's negligence, structuring
a business or suing a nonperforming contractor -- navigating the law can be
confusing. You need experienced counsel -- attorneys who take the time to
understand your goals and guide you toward achieving those goals with vision,
integrity and a thorough knowledge of the law.

## Why Choose Us?

### Preventing Legal Issues

Carefully crafting contracts as well as using a variety of other legal tools.
But, if trouble occurs, we know how to minimize damage.

### Negotiate settlements

We are not afraid to fight for your rights and interests in the courtroom
using our aggressive trial experience.

### Accessible and Responsive

We know which problems have legal remedies and which do not, and we explain
the possibilities and probabilities of each choice so that our clients can
make informed decisions.

## What Our Clients Say

![Glen
Reppy](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/a/AItbvmnKXx5l6ThXpvMRbKTlXpybJoGtuuPOV4lGfgiG=s120-c-c-
rp-w64-h64-mo-br100)

Glen Reppy

2022-08-17

Wiley Lavender Maknoor helped us with our estate planning documents. They were
professional, attentive and very responsive. They made the whole process go
very smoothly, easy and quickly. Special acknowledgment to paralegal Anna-
Maria who held our hand through this whole process. We would highly recommend
this firm.

![Steven
Kraska](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/a-/AFdZucqQV6OWLl7_LLaJ5BUin-2gBlIM4b6u2Ej55yZMJg=s120-c-c-
rp-w64-h64-mo-br100)

Steven Kraska

2022-06-23

We have been using Wiley Lavender Maknoor for over 25 years. In that time,
they have helped us with many issues regarding personal and business matters.
Their team is knowledgeable, experienced, and professional. We would recommend
them to anyone.

![abbas
jumkhawala](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/a/AItbvmnZiEMQqIWrK0Mehx6FQju0ApbFrMh6N3oPPVNB=s120-c-c-
rp-w64-h64-mo-br100)

abbas jumkhawala

2022-06-09

Have been going to this office since 1995 for all my legal work. Would 1000
percent recommend. Everyone here is super helpful and pleasant to deal with.

![jeff
dattilo](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/a/AItbvmnt_DhDU_B9l2RgroZ7N27M4eEQpJUr7WuxPLpr=s120-c-c-
rp-w64-h64-mo-br100)

jeff dattilo

2022-06-03

I have used this firm for over 15 years. They do a fantastic job all the time.
I have had them close many deals, and the entire team is wonderful. Special
shout out to Holly!! Great work and always treated fairly with the fees.
Highly recommend!!!

![Mike Harrison](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/a/AItbvmlGlIKILt2ZKZkxgWo-
XMKmZU_pXmEM17bLkxrk=s120-c-c-rp-w64-h64-mo-br100)

Mike Harrison

2022-05-26

I must say the service I received here was excellent Anna-Maria was a pleasure
to work with if your in need of a good lawyer please use them they get the job
done !!

![Sherri
Aber](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/a/AItbvmk8TlKzAQwCczUAOh0T5vYg7W6BVrHzjWImqkAm=s120-c-c-
rp-w64-h64-mo-br100)

Sherri Aber

2022-05-26

I was very comfortable with the planning of my mother's estate. The staff was
great with everything.

![Autumn
Phan](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/a/AItbvmln4xrvzR0L6TQh25Y5qcH1pBsWJSX7zDI8T7k=s120-c-c-
rp-w64-h64-mo-br100)

Autumn Phan

2022-05-26

I would highly recommend this law firm. They are very professional and did an
excellent job with my case.

![Michele Pickett](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/a/AItbvmkFrULid9xv95ue-
MDf0nYdp_86kxLgvrpOVHXl=s120-c-c-rp-w64-h64-mo-br100)

Michele Pickett

2022-05-25

We have used this firm for over ten years for all of our legal needs including
living wills, real estate, as well as representing us in a personal injury
case. Their team of lawyers and staff are very professional and they always
take the time to explain the process and answer all of our questions. We are
confident knowing that our best interest is always uppermost with WLM.

![ERA](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/a/AItbvmmbU8XOXbGLcsm4H5bnkbT4D3k3ClFkfXHhbnbI=s120-c-c-
rp-w64-h64-mo-br100)

ERA

2022-03-01

I have worked with this law firm for multiple real estate transactions (buying
and selling). They take great care and I would highly recommend them to anyone
looking for legal advice. Prompt communication, reliable and professional. I
will definitely be working with them again and look forward to it.

VIEW ALL TESTIMONIALS

  * Contact us now. * Required fields
  * First Name*

  * Last Name*

  * Email Address*

  * Phone Number*

  * Description*

  *  __Hidden

Untitled

Submit __

Δ

![Wiley Lavender Maknoor Logo](https://www.wileylavendermaknoor.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/04/wlm-logo-bold-white-4-e1681935989922.png)

  * New Jersey Office

216 Amboy Ave  
Metuchen, New Jersey 08840

Get Directions (732) 494-6099

  * __
  * ___
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __

![Wiley Lavender Maknoor, PC BBB accredited business
profile](https://m.bbb.org/terminuscontent/dist/img/business-
profile/accreditation/AB-seal-horz.svg)

BBB RATING: A+

  * Home
  * Practice Areas
  * Our Vision
  * Attorneys
  * Contact
  * Blog

  * (C)2024 Wiley Lavender Maknoor.
  *  | All Rights Reserved.
  *  | Sitemap | Privacy Policy

  * Contact Us for a Consultation Schedule your free consultation.
  * Name*

  * Email

  * Phone

  * Description

Contact Us __

Δ

