Skip to content 1-800-BOATLAW

  * ![Click to open navigation](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%200%200'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![Click to open navigation](https://www.boatlaw.com/wp-content/themes/lavawp/images/icons/hamburger.png) Menu 
  * ![BoatLaw, LLP](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%200%200'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![BoatLaw, LLP](https://www.boatlaw.com/wp-content/themes/lavawp/images/icons/people.png) Our Firm 
  * ![BoatLaw, LLP](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%200%200'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![BoatLaw, LLP](https://www.boatlaw.com/wp-content/themes/lavawp/images/icons/phone.png)
  * ![Click to view testimonials for BoatLaw, LLP](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%200%200'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![Click to view testimonials for BoatLaw, LLP](https://www.boatlaw.com/wp-content/themes/lavawp/images/icons/documents.png) Results 
  * ![Click to contact us](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%200%200'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![Click to contact us](https://www.boatlaw.com/wp-content/themes/lavawp/images/icons/contact.png) Contact 

![BoatLaw,
LLP](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%200%200'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![BoatLaw,
LLP](https://www.boatlaw.com/wp-content/themes/lavawp/images/logo-
interior.webp)

MENUMENU

  * Home
  * Maritime Law
    * #### Maritime Law

![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAEAAAABAQMAAAAl21bKAAAAA1BMVEX/TQBcNTh/AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAAApJREFUeJxjYgAAAAYAAzY3fKgAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)
Personal Injury Claims

      * Head Injuries
      * Repetitive Use Injuries
      * Lost Limbs / Amputated Fingers
      * Spinal Cord Injuries
      * Shoulder Injuries
      * Broken Bones
      * Back Injuries
      * Brain Injury
      * Neck Injury
      * Knee Injury
      * PTSD
      * Assault
      * Medical Expenses
      * M&C; Punitive Damages
      * Pain and Suffering
      * Compensation
      * Offshore Injuries

![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAEAAAABAQMAAAAl21bKAAAAA1BMVEX/TQBcNTh/AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAAApJREFUeJxjYgAAAAYAAzY3fKgAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)
Admiralty & Maritime Law

      * In Rem Claims Against Vessels
      * Maritime Salvage
      * Seaman’s Manslaughter Statute
      * Seaman’s Protection Act
      * Third Party Negligence Claims
      * Vessel Negligence Claims under 33 U.S.C §905(b)
      * Admiralty Jurisdiction Act
      * Charter Boat Accidents
      * Death on the High Seas Act
      * Immigration and Maritime Litigation
      * Limitation of Liability Act
      * Marine Insurance Claim
      * Maritime Employment Contracts
      * Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act
      * Public Vessels Act
      * Jones Act
      * Vessel Sinkings
      * Maintenance & Cure
      * LHWCA
      * Contracted Employees
      * Maritime Law & Immigration
      * Boating Accidents
      * Unseaworthiness

![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAEAAAABAQMAAAAl21bKAAAAA1BMVEX/TQBcNTh/AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAAApJREFUeJxjYgAAAAYAAzY3fKgAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)
Types of Accidents

      * Hypothermia & Drowning
      * Slip & Fall / Trip & Fall
      * Unsafe Working Conditions
      * Cruise Ship Injuries
      * Inadequate Training
      * Crane Accidents
      * Cargo Operations
      * Defective Equipment

![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAEAAAABAQMAAAAl21bKAAAAA1BMVEX/TQBcNTh/AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAAApJREFUeJxjYgAAAAYAAzY3fKgAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)
Who We Serve

      * Dock & Shipyard Workers
      * Recreational boating Victims
      * Commercial Fisherman
      * Ferry Workers
      * Tugboat Crew
      * Barge Workers
      * Boat Passengers
      * Commercial Divers

  * Notable Cases
    * #### Notable Cases

      * **$10  
Million** **Damage Award**

For a **Harbor Worker** who suffered a traumatic brain injury

View More Cases

      * **$3.7  
Million** **Judgment**

For a **Deckhand** struck by a parted mooring line

View More Cases

      * **$3.37  
Million** **Settlement**

For a **Tour Boat Captain** who sustained a back injury

View More Cases

View More Case Results

  * Our Firm
    * #### Our Firm

      * ![Douglas R. Williams](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAEAAAABAQMAAAAl21bKAAAAA1BMVEX/TQBcNTh/AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAAApJREFUeJxjYgAAAAYAAzY3fKgAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Douglas R. Williams

**Douglas R. Williams** was raised in a military family. After retiring from
the armed forces, his father sailed as the chief medical officer with many of
the most popular cruise lines.

Learn More

      * ![Nicholas J. Neidzwski](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAEAAAABAQMAAAAl21bKAAAAA1BMVEX/TQBcNTh/AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAAApJREFUeJxjYgAAAAYAAzY3fKgAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Nicholas J. Neidzwski

**Nicholas J. Neidzwski** became a partner at Anderson Carey Williams &
Neidzwski in 2017\.

Learn More

  * News
    * #### News

![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAEAAAABAQMAAAAl21bKAAAAA1BMVEX/TQBcNTh/AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAAApJREFUeJxjYgAAAAYAAzY3fKgAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Read More

Maritime Law and Whistleblowers

![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAEAAAABAQMAAAAl21bKAAAAA1BMVEX/TQBcNTh/AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAAApJREFUeJxjYgAAAAYAAzY3fKgAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Read More

OceanGate Titan Submersible: Passengers or Crew?

![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAEAAAABAQMAAAAl21bKAAAAA1BMVEX/TQBcNTh/AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAAApJREFUeJxjYgAAAAYAAzY3fKgAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Read More

Good Samaritans Save the Day

Read More Stories

  * Contact

1-800-BOATLAW

Free Initial Consultation

![BoatLaw,
LLP](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%200%200'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![BoatLaw,
LLP](https://www.boatlaw.com/wp-content/themes/lavawp/images/logo-single.png)

MENUMENU

  * Home
  * Maritime Law
    * #### Maritime Law

![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAEAAAABAQMAAAAl21bKAAAAA1BMVEX/TQBcNTh/AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAAApJREFUeJxjYgAAAAYAAzY3fKgAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)
Personal Injury Claims

      * Head Injuries
      * Repetitive Use Injuries
      * Lost Limbs / Amputated Fingers
      * Spinal Cord Injuries
      * Shoulder Injuries
      * Broken Bones
      * Back Injuries
      * Brain Injury
      * Neck Injury
      * Knee Injury
      * PTSD
      * Assault
      * Medical Expenses
      * M&C; Punitive Damages
      * Pain and Suffering
      * Compensation
      * Offshore Injuries

![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAEAAAABAQMAAAAl21bKAAAAA1BMVEX/TQBcNTh/AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAAApJREFUeJxjYgAAAAYAAzY3fKgAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)
Admiralty & Maritime Law

      * In Rem Claims Against Vessels
      * Maritime Salvage
      * Seaman’s Manslaughter Statute
      * Seaman’s Protection Act
      * Third Party Negligence Claims
      * Vessel Negligence Claims under 33 U.S.C §905(b)
      * Admiralty Jurisdiction Act
      * Charter Boat Accidents
      * Death on the High Seas Act
      * Immigration and Maritime Litigation
      * Limitation of Liability Act
      * Marine Insurance Claim
      * Maritime Employment Contracts
      * Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act
      * Public Vessels Act
      * Jones Act
      * Vessel Sinkings
      * Maintenance & Cure
      * LHWCA
      * Contracted Employees
      * Maritime Law & Immigration
      * Boating Accidents
      * Unseaworthiness

![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAEAAAABAQMAAAAl21bKAAAAA1BMVEX/TQBcNTh/AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAAApJREFUeJxjYgAAAAYAAzY3fKgAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)
Types of Accidents

      * Hypothermia & Drowning
      * Slip & Fall / Trip & Fall
      * Unsafe Working Conditions
      * Cruise Ship Injuries
      * Inadequate Training
      * Crane Accidents
      * Cargo Operations
      * Defective Equipment

![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAEAAAABAQMAAAAl21bKAAAAA1BMVEX/TQBcNTh/AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAAApJREFUeJxjYgAAAAYAAzY3fKgAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)
Who We Serve

      * Dock & Shipyard Workers
      * Recreational boating Victims
      * Commercial Fisherman
      * Ferry Workers
      * Tugboat Crew
      * Barge Workers
      * Boat Passengers
      * Commercial Divers

  * Notable Cases
    * #### Notable Cases

      * **$10  
Million** **Damage Award**

For a **Harbor Worker** who suffered a traumatic brain injury

View More Cases

      * **$3.7  
Million** **Judgment**

For a **Deckhand** struck by a parted mooring line

View More Cases

      * **$3.37  
Million** **Settlement**

For a **Tour Boat Captain** who sustained a back injury

View More Cases

View More Case Results

  * Our Firm
    * #### Our Firm

      * ![Douglas R. Williams](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAEAAAABAQMAAAAl21bKAAAAA1BMVEX/TQBcNTh/AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAAApJREFUeJxjYgAAAAYAAzY3fKgAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Douglas R. Williams

**Douglas R. Williams** was raised in a military family. After retiring from
the armed forces, his father sailed as the chief medical officer with many of
the most popular cruise lines.

Learn More

      * ![Nicholas J. Neidzwski](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAEAAAABAQMAAAAl21bKAAAAA1BMVEX/TQBcNTh/AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAAApJREFUeJxjYgAAAAYAAzY3fKgAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Nicholas J. Neidzwski

**Nicholas J. Neidzwski** became a partner at Anderson Carey Williams &
Neidzwski in 2017\.

Learn More

  * News
    * #### News

![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAEAAAABAQMAAAAl21bKAAAAA1BMVEX/TQBcNTh/AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAAApJREFUeJxjYgAAAAYAAzY3fKgAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Read More

Maritime Law and Whistleblowers

![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAEAAAABAQMAAAAl21bKAAAAA1BMVEX/TQBcNTh/AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAAApJREFUeJxjYgAAAAYAAzY3fKgAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Read More

OceanGate Titan Submersible: Passengers or Crew?

![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAEAAAABAQMAAAAl21bKAAAAA1BMVEX/TQBcNTh/AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAAApJREFUeJxjYgAAAAYAAzY3fKgAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

Read More

Good Samaritans Save the Day

Read More Stories

  * Contact

1-800-BOATLAW

Free Initial Consultation

Home » About Us

# About BoatLaw, LLP

If your injury or illness occurs while in the employment of a commercial
vessel, you suddenly become a liability to the vessel owners. You are someone
other crew members may ignore or avoid, leaving you isolated and confused.
Your injury may be worse than you understand. Your right to recovery for
damages may be greater than you know. Without legal counsel, you probably will
not have the information needed to evaluate your legal rights. While you are
wondering what you need to do, the vessel owners are moving quickly to
minimize your right to compensation for your injury.

## Maritime Law Firm Serving the Pacific Northwest, California, and Alaska

The most effective legal assistance available for your maritime injury will
come from our firm of experienced maritime lawyers in Seattle, Portland,
Bellingham, San Francisco, and Los Angeles. At BoatLaw, LLP, maritime
attorneys Douglas Williams and Nick Neidzwski have been successfully
representing those injured at sea and their families since 1977. For over
forty years, we have handled all types of maritime injuries across the Pacific
Northwest, Alaska, and California. Decades of experience and a team approach
to case preparation and trial is the basis for our success. We have an
experienced, compassionate, and helpful staff of legal assistants to aid in
the litigation and administration of your claim. You are always kept abreast
of progress at every stage and given a realistic assessment of your legal
options.   ![From left to right: Dave Anderson, Doug Williams, Nick
Neidzwski](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20800%20450'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![From
left to right: Dave Anderson, Doug Williams, Nick
Neidzwski](https://www.boatlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/03/image001-sm.jpg)From left to right: Dave Anderson,
Doug Williams, Nick Neidzwski  

## Meet our Dedicated Attorneys

![Douglas R.
Williams](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%200%200'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![Douglas
R. Williams](https://www.boatlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/lavawp/images/people/douglas-williams-small.jpg)

**Douglas R. Williams** was raised in a military family. After retiring from
the armed forces, his father sailed as the chief medical officer with many of
the most popular cruise lines, including Holland America Line, Carnival Cruise
Line, Disney Cruise Line, and Norwegian Cruise Line. When not in school, Doug
spent a good part of his youth in the crew quarters sailing with his father.
He developed a practical knowledge of the cruise industry from a young age.

Read More About Douglas R. Williams

![Nicholas J.
Neidzwski](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%200%200'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![Nicholas
J. Neidzwski](https://www.boatlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/lavawp/images/people/nicholas-neidzwski-small.jpg)

**Nick Neidzwski** is a trial attorney who handles maritime and personal
injury litigation. Appearing for plaintiffs in state and federal courts
throughout Washington, California, Oregon, Alaska, and other jurisdictions,
Nick’s litigation experience includes the successful resolution of various
Jones Act, general maritime law, and product liability cases on behalf of many
different individuals. Nick was named a Rising Star by Super Lawyers from 2016
through 2023.

Read More About Nicholas J. Neidzwski

  
  

###  BoatLaw, LLP Knows How to Maximize Your Maritime Injury Claim

Call 1 (800) 262-8529 or send an online message through our website to begin
taking the first steps towards pursuing the compensation you need during this
critical time. Your initial consultation is free and will be handled by an
experienced attorney – it will never be passed off to a law clerk or
paralegal. If you were injured and your employer is based in Washington,
Oregon, Alaska, or California, contact BoatLaw, LLP today.

### Consultation Form

## Request Consultation

Name

Phone

Email

Subject

Briefly Describe Your Case

Submit Request

Δ

### Sidemenu

About Us

  * Douglas R. Williams
  * Nicholas J. Neidzwski

### Testimonial Schema

### Testimonial

⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐

"Nick and his team assisted me in a complex case. Their level of knowledge and
professionalism is unmatched in this area of law. They displayed an
extraordinary level of care and attention to detail throughout the entire
experience. I am greatful to have had them represent me. I would highly
recommend this firm to anyone who needs assistance with maritime Law matters."

\- Otto Visvader, a Google user ![Google
logo](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%2035%2036'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![Google
logo](/wp-content/themes/lavawp/images/icons/google-logo.png)

More Testimonials

  * ![The Maritime Law Association of The United States](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAEAAAABAQMAAAAl21bKAAAAA1BMVEX/TQBcNTh/AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAAApJREFUeJxjYgAAAAYAAzY3fKgAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)
  * ![Washington State Bar Association](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAEAAAABAQMAAAAl21bKAAAAA1BMVEX/TQBcNTh/AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAAApJREFUeJxjYgAAAAYAAzY3fKgAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)
  * ![Oregon State Bar](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAEAAAABAQMAAAAl21bKAAAAA1BMVEX/TQBcNTh/AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAAApJREFUeJxjYgAAAAYAAzY3fKgAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)
  * ![Alaska Bar Association](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAEAAAABAQMAAAAl21bKAAAAA1BMVEX/TQBcNTh/AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAAApJREFUeJxjYgAAAAYAAzY3fKgAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

  * ![The Maritime Law Association of The United States](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAEAAAABAQMAAAAl21bKAAAAA1BMVEX/TQBcNTh/AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAAApJREFUeJxjYgAAAAYAAzY3fKgAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

The Maritime Law Association of the United States (MLA) was founded in 1899.
Its formation was prompted by the organization, some three years earlier, of
the International Maritime Committee.

  * ![Washington State Bar Association](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAEAAAABAQMAAAAl21bKAAAAA1BMVEX/TQBcNTh/AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAAApJREFUeJxjYgAAAAYAAzY3fKgAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

The Washington State Bar Association operates under the delegated authority of
the Washington Supreme Court to license the state's nearly 40,000 lawyers and
other legal professionals.

  * ![Oregon State Bar](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAEAAAABAQMAAAAl21bKAAAAA1BMVEX/TQBcNTh/AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAAApJREFUeJxjYgAAAAYAAzY3fKgAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

The Oregon State Bar is a government agency in the U.S. state of Oregon.
Founded in 1890 as the private Oregon Bar Association, it became a public
entity in 1935 that regulates the legal profession.

  * ![Alaska Bar Association](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAEAAAABAQMAAAAl21bKAAAAA1BMVEX/TQBcNTh/AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAAApJREFUeJxjYgAAAAYAAzY3fKgAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

The Alaska Bar Association is a mandatory bar association responsible to the
Alaska Supreme Court for the admission and discipline process of attorneys for
the State of Alaska.

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%200%200'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://www.boatlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/lavawp/images/logo-regular.png)

1-800-BOATLAW

Free Initial Consultation

BoatLaw, LLP

23 Bellwether Way, Suite 101  
Bellingham, WA 98225  (360) 671-6711  
Map + Directions

Other Locations

  * Alaska
  * Los Angeles, CA
  * Portland, OR
  * San Francisco, CA
  * Seattle, WA

  * ![Find us on Facebook](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAEAAAABAQMAAAAl21bKAAAAA1BMVEX/TQBcNTh/AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAAApJREFUeJxjYgAAAAYAAzY3fKgAAAAASUVORK5CYII=) ![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%200%200'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://www.boatlaw.com/wp-content/themes/lavawp/images/icons/facebook-active.png)
  * ![Find us on Twitter](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAEAAAABAQMAAAAl21bKAAAAA1BMVEX/TQBcNTh/AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAAApJREFUeJxjYgAAAAYAAzY3fKgAAAAASUVORK5CYII=) ![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%200%200'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://www.boatlaw.com/wp-content/themes/lavawp/images/icons/twitter-active.png)
  * ![Find us on Linked In](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAEAAAABAQMAAAAl21bKAAAAA1BMVEX/TQBcNTh/AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAAApJREFUeJxjYgAAAAYAAzY3fKgAAAAASUVORK5CYII=) ![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%200%200'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://www.boatlaw.com/wp-content/themes/lavawp/images/icons/linkedin-active.png)

The information provided on this site is for general information purposes
only. The information you obtain at this website is not, nor is it intended to
be, legal advice. You should consult an attorney for advice regarding your own
individual situation. Use of this website or submission of an online form,
does not create an attorney-client relationship.

(C) Copyright 2024 BoatLaw, LLP | Site Map

Legal Website Design by:  **INTERNET LAVA** ![Internet
Lava](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAEAAAABAQMAAAAl21bKAAAAA1BMVEX/TQBcNTh/AAAAAXRSTlMAQObYZgAAAApJREFUeJxjYgAAAAYAAzY3fKgAAAAASUVORK5CYII=)

____

__

  * Home
  * Maritime Law
  * Notable Cases
  * Our Firm
  * News
  * Contact

