######  __(815) 356-8000

__

  * __Home
  * __About Us
  * __Legal Services

    * __Divorce
    * __Real Estate Law
    * __Estate & Probate Law
    * __Litigation
    * __Business Law
    * __Employment Law
    * __Family Law Attorney
    * __Foreclosure Attorney
    * __Woodstock, IL

  * __FAQ
  * __Contact Us

  * Home __ __
  * About Us __ __
  * Legal Services __ __
    * Divorce __ __
    * Real Estate Law __ __
    * Estate & Probate Law __ __
    * Litigation __ __
    * Business Law __ __
    * Employment Law __ __
    * Family Law Attorney __ __
    * Foreclosure Attorney __ __
    * Woodstock, IL __ __
  * FAQ __ __
  * Contact Us __ __

__

# About Us

Home > About Us

## Top McHenry & Kane County Attorneys

Since 1992, our firm has been a leader in handling business, real estate,
estate and family law matters, as well as all types of commercial disputes for
our clients. Melei Petsche Spencer prides itself in getting to know its
clients so it can provide comprehensive and goal-oriented advice and solutions
which meet the needs of the client. Communication with the client is
paramount.

We have developed expertise with numerous industries including manufacturing,
real estate, insurance and healthcare. Through experience, continuing
education and dedication, Melei Petsche Spencer vigorously and effectively
represents its clients. For more information about how the attorneys at Melei
Petsche Spencer can help you, contact us today for more information. We look
forward to working with you and representing your case.

### MEET OUR AWARD-WINNING LAWYERS

__

###### SAMUEL S. MELEI

Sam is a 1996 graduate of Boston College (B.A. History) and a 1999 graduate of
DePaul University College of Law.

Sam has been litigating business disputes for over 15 years, and has extensive
experience working with clients involved in contract, mechanics lien, consumer
fraud, real estate and asset protection litigation, as well as family law
matters. Sam also has significant experience with business acquisition and
sale transactions, as well as residential and commercial real estate matters.
Sam combines his litigation and transactional experience to provide his
clients with comprehensive, goal-oriented advice.

Sam has successfully argued before the Illinois Supreme Court and is highly
respected for his appellate work.

Sam is currently the Treasurer and Finance Committee Chair of the McHenry
County Mental Health Board, a member and past chair of the Crystal Lake
Chamber of Commerce’s B2B Networking Group, and past lecturer at the Illinois
Small Business Development Center at the Shah Center of McHenry County
College. Sam was recognized by the McHenry County Business Journal as one of
its 10 business professionals under 40 in 2011, and is a past recipient of the
Illinois Jaycees’ Outstanding Young Persons award.

__

###### WILLIAM P. PETSCHE

William P. Petsche is a 2006 graduate of the University of Iowa, a 2008
graduate of Concordia University in Chicago, and a 2011 graduate of the
Northern Illinois University College of Law. Will has a master’s degree in
Counseling Psychology and spent years as a mental health and juvenile
counselor. Will has significant experience helping families through difficult
situations and he now uses that experience to help advise families and
individuals on legal matters. Will is in Melei Petsche Spencer’s civil
litigation department and has extensive experience working with clients
involved in contract, mechanics lien, consumer fraud, title insurance, real
estate and foreclosure litigation, as well as family law matters. Will also
represents clients in real estate transactions, estate planning, and probate.
Additionally, Will serves as an approved Child Representative and Guardian Ad
Litem in McHenry County.

In his free time, Will has been involved with many community organizations,
including the McHenry County Bar Association, Big Brothers Big Sisters, and
coaching for the Marengo High School Wrestling program. Will currently serves
on the McHenry County Food Shed Cooperative board of directors and teaches at
McHenry County College as an adjunct professor.  Will also makes time for Pro
Bono work and in 2019 received a Legal Aid Award for his contributions.

__

###### THOMAS B. SPENCER IV

Thomas B. Spencer IV is a 2002 graduate of Truman State University, and a 2006
graduate of Northern Illinois University College of Law. Thomas received his
license to practice law from the Illinois Supreme Court in 2006. Since then,
Thomas has focused much of his law practice in the area of family law matters,
including allocation of parental responsibility and parenting time. He is an
approved Child Representative or Guardian Ad Litem in both McHenry and Kane
counties. He believes whole-heartedly that it is his job to help his clients
understand their options and make the best decisions possible, while also
providing understanding as to the extreme emotional and practical difficulties
they may be facing.

Thomas is a nearly life-long resident of McHenry County and formerly was the
chairperson of the McHenry County Ethics Commission. He is an active member of
the Illinois State Bar Association and the McHenry County Bar Association.
Although active in the McHenry County community, Thomas also devotes much of
his free time to his three children.

__

#### WHY CHOOSE US?

__

######  CLIENT-FOCUSED APPROACH

We handle the legal aspects of your case so you can focus on what’s most
important – you and your family.

__

######  COMMUNITY-FOCUSED

MPS is a trusted advocate for residents in McHenry, Kane & the surrounding
areas of Chicagoland.

__

######  EXPERIENCE ON YOUR SIDE

We are backed by over 50 years of experience on both sides of the courtroom.

__

######  STRONG CLIENT SATISFACTION

We are proud to be the go-to choice for injured clients in need of effective &
results-driven representation.

##### DON'T WAIT — CONTACT US FOR YOUR FREE CONSULTATION!

Contact Us

##### Crystal Lake

 __

454 W Virginia St #100, Crystal Lake, IL 60014

##### St. Charles

 __

100 Illinois St Suite 200, St. Charles, IL 60174

##### Woodstock

 __

134 Cass Street, Unit 2C Woodstock, IL 60098

##### Wisconsin

 __

621 S 8th St, Sheboygan, WI 53081

### **(815) 356-8000**

##### Melei | Petsche | Spencer Attorneys

© 2024 Melei Petsche Spencer. All Rights Reserved. | Sitemap

