Skip to content

![logo](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/logo.png)

Personal Injury, Wrongful Death and Medical Malpractice Attorneys

__

###  212.751.8000

  * Home
  * About DM
  * PRACTICE AREA
    * Best Medical Malpractice Lawyers NYC
      * Radiology Errors/Failures
      * Hospital Negligence
        * Emergency Room Errors
        * EMT/Paramedic Malpractice
        * Jacobi Medical Center
        * Forest Hills Hospital
        * Medical Malpractice at Harlem Hospital
      * Nursing Home Injuries and Abuse
        * Bedsores
        * Unexpected Falls
      * Anesthesia Injuries
        * Spinal Anesthesia Errors and Allergic Reactions to Local Anesthetic
      * Medication Errors
        * Wrong Medication Dosage
      * Birth Injuries
        * Cerebral Palsy
        * Shoulder Dystocia and Erb’s Palsy
        * Obstetric Negligence
        * Labor Delivery Negligence/Improper Use of Forceps
        * Failure to Perform C-Section
        * Failure to Recognize Fetal Distress
      * Failure to Diagnose
        * Delayed Diagnosis of Cancer
        * Delayed Diagnosis of Breast Cancer
        * Failure to Diagnose Ovarian Cancer
        * Failure to Diagnose Bowel Obstruction
        * Failure to Properly Read X-Rays or Mammograms
        * Appendicitis Misdiagnosis
        * Gynecological Errors
      * Surgical Mistakes
        * Wrong Site Surgery
        * Anesthesia Errors
        * Unnecessary Surgery
      * Surgical Errors
        * Organ Puncture or Perforation
        * Bowel Perforation
        * Spinal Cord Injuries in Surgery
    * Best Personal Injury Lawyers NYC
      * The McDonald’s Hot Cup of Coffee Case
    * Construction Accidents
      * New York Falls From Ladders
      * New York Falling Objects
      * New York Scaffold Accidents
      * Workplace Injuries
    * Product Liability
      * Toxic Torts
      * Mass Torts
    * Premises Liability
      * Injured on Public Property
      * NYC Subway Platform Injuries
      * Trip and Falls due to Broken Sidewalks
      * Inadequate Security
    * Car Accident Lawyers NYC
      * New York Public Transportation Accidents
      * Commercial Trucking Accidents
      * Car Accidents
      * Truck Accidents
      * Motorcycle Accidents
      * Pedestrian Accidents
      * Delivery Bike Accidents
      * Drunk Driving Accidents
      * Fire Truck/Police/Ambulance Accidents
      * Sanitation Worker Injuries
    * Aviation Accidents
    * Maritime and Admiralty Injuries
    * Trial Counsel
  * Attorneys
    * Jay W. Dankner
    * Edward P. Milstein
  * Results
  * Blog
  * Testimonials
  * Contact Us

____ Menu

  * Home
  * About DM
  * PRACTICE AREA
    * Best Medical Malpractice Lawyers NYC
      * Radiology Errors/Failures
      * Hospital Negligence
        * Emergency Room Errors
        * EMT/Paramedic Malpractice
        * Jacobi Medical Center
        * Forest Hills Hospital
        * Medical Malpractice at Harlem Hospital
      * Nursing Home Injuries and Abuse
        * Bedsores
        * Unexpected Falls
      * Anesthesia Injuries
        * Spinal Anesthesia Errors and Allergic Reactions to Local Anesthetic
      * Medication Errors
        * Wrong Medication Dosage
      * Birth Injuries
        * Cerebral Palsy
        * Shoulder Dystocia and Erb’s Palsy
        * Obstetric Negligence
        * Labor Delivery Negligence/Improper Use of Forceps
        * Failure to Perform C-Section
        * Failure to Recognize Fetal Distress
      * Failure to Diagnose
        * Delayed Diagnosis of Cancer
        * Delayed Diagnosis of Breast Cancer
        * Failure to Diagnose Ovarian Cancer
        * Failure to Diagnose Bowel Obstruction
        * Failure to Properly Read X-Rays or Mammograms
        * Appendicitis Misdiagnosis
        * Gynecological Errors
      * Surgical Mistakes
        * Wrong Site Surgery
        * Anesthesia Errors
        * Unnecessary Surgery
      * Surgical Errors
        * Organ Puncture or Perforation
        * Bowel Perforation
        * Spinal Cord Injuries in Surgery
    * Best Personal Injury Lawyers NYC
      * The McDonald’s Hot Cup of Coffee Case
    * Construction Accidents
      * New York Falls From Ladders
      * New York Falling Objects
      * New York Scaffold Accidents
      * Workplace Injuries
    * Product Liability
      * Toxic Torts
      * Mass Torts
    * Premises Liability
      * Injured on Public Property
      * NYC Subway Platform Injuries
      * Trip and Falls due to Broken Sidewalks
      * Inadequate Security
    * Car Accident Lawyers NYC
      * New York Public Transportation Accidents
      * Commercial Trucking Accidents
      * Car Accidents
      * Truck Accidents
      * Motorcycle Accidents
      * Pedestrian Accidents
      * Delivery Bike Accidents
      * Drunk Driving Accidents
      * Fire Truck/Police/Ambulance Accidents
      * Sanitation Worker Injuries
    * Aviation Accidents
    * Maritime and Admiralty Injuries
    * Trial Counsel
  * Attorneys
    * Jay W. Dankner
    * Edward P. Milstein
  * Results
  * Blog
  * Testimonials
  * Contact Us

# Home

## Best Rated Attorneys In

## New York City

For Motor Vehicle Accidents, Product Liability, Personal Injury, Wrongful
Death, Medical Malpractice and More

Book A Consultation

Dankner Milstein, P.C. is now Of Counsel to Gersowitz, Libo & Korek P.C.

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/award-logo.png)

## Exceptional Personal Injury Attorneys Serving Manhattan, Brooklyn, the
Bronx, Queens and Beyond

A serious injury or the loss of a loved one is a devastating event that will
change your life in many ways. If you were harmed or sustained losses as a
result of negligence of a person or corporation – whether it was due to a
motor vehicle accident, a product liability issue, medical malpractice, a
construction accident, or any other type of scenario in which you, or a family
member sustained injuries based on carelessness you must make a number of
important decisions. Selecting the lawyer to represent you may be the single
most important decision you will make. It is critical to choose a lawyer, and
a law firm, who will anticipate the potential obstacles in your path and build
the strongest possible claim for your medical expenses, lost income and pain
and suffering.

We are the lawyers of Dankner Milstein, P.C. We serve people across New York
City and the surrounding areas who have been harmed by another’s negligence.
Regardless of how you were injured, if we accept your case, our team will
devote itself to making a difference in your life.

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/07/imgn1.jpg)

## Dankner Milstein has recovered over **$750,000,000** for their clients

## Exceptional Personal Injury Attorneys Serving Manhattan, Brooklyn, the
Bronx, Queens and Beyond

Dankner Milstein Achieves Impressive 7 figure verdicts and settlements for
medical malpractice, product liability and other personal injury cases.

###  $10,000,000

Sexual assault of a child at a summer baseball camp

###  $7,500,000

For a man who was improperly diagnosed and treated at a hospital eventually
leading to an amputation.

###  $8,300,000

Delay in treatment of peripheral vascular disease in a 52 year old woman
resulting in loss of lower limb

###  $7,000,000

Delay in diagnosis of pelvic inflammatory disease resulting in a hysterectomy

View All

###  $7,500,000

Amputation of fingers and degloving injury of hand to a 9 year old whose arm
became caught in a cane juicer

###  $5,000,000

Products liability case on behalf of passengers in a vehicle which overturned

## Practice Areas

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/1.png)

### Best Medical Malpractice Lawyers NYC

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/2.png)

### Car Accident  
Lawyers NYC

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/3.png)

### Best Personal Injury Lawyers NYC

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/4.png)

### Jones Act  
Litigation

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/5.png)

### Maritime And Admiralty Injuries

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/6.png)

### Product  
Liability

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/7.png)

### Premises  
Liability

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/8.png)

### Aviation  
Accidents

## Client Testimonial

__

## You did it Jay! You gave us a future...

$2,000,000 verdict for a 42-year-old man injumd on homemade zipline…

_★_ _★_ _★_ _★_ _★_ 5/5

__

__

__

Sexual assault of a child at a summer baseball camp

$10,000,000

Delay in treatment of peripheral vascular disease in a 52 year old woman
resulting in loss of lower limb

$8,300,000

Amputation of fingers and degloving injury of hand to a 9 year old whose arm
became caught in a cane juicer

$7,500,000

For a man who was improperly diagnosed and treated at a hospital eventually
leading to an amputation.

$7,500,000

## Attorneys

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/l1.jpg)

### Jay W. Dankner

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/l.jpg)

### Edward P.Milstein

## Contact Us Today  
Free Initial Consultation

First Name

Last Name

Email

Phone Number

How Can We Help?

Check

By providing your phone number, you agree to receive text messages from
Gersowitz Libo & Korek. Message and data rates may apply. Message frequency
varies.

Submit

First Name

Last Name

Email

Phone Number

How Can We Help?

Untitled

By providing your phone number, you agree to receive text messages from
Gersowitz Libo & Korek. Message and data rates may apply. Message frequency
varies.

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/07/image2.png)

## An Unequaled Commitment to Achieving Results

Since our firm was founded in 1994, we have recovered more than 800 million
dollars in verdicts and settlements and more than 200 verdicts and settlements
of $1 million or more from motor vehicle accidents, medical malpractice,
product liability and other types of negligence. Our previous successes are
important for a number of reasons. First and foremost, insurance companies are
well aware of our firm’s reputation of achieving positive outcomes in trial
and settlement negotiations. Secondly, our past successes have given our law
firm the resources to fully investigate and prepare a case in the pretrial
stages.

Our law firm pays all expenses associated with investigating and preparing
your case, and we will not recover these expenses unless we achieve a
successful result. We are partners with our clients in every case we accept,
and will not accept attorneys’ fees unless we recover compensation for your
injuries.

## Getting Results in Litigation Involving Motor Vehicle Accidents, Medical
Malpractice, Product Liability, and More

We represent clients in the full range of personal injury and wrongful death
claims. We devote a substantial portion of our practice to motor vehicle
incidents, medical malpractice cases and product liability claims. Our New
York lawyers fully understand the unique challenges involved in these types of
cases. Senior partners Jay Dankner and Edward Milstein offer nearly 100 years
of combined legal experience. For decades the firm also has been recognized as
an authority by leading legal trade publications and journals. They are joined
by numerous attorneys and support staff, each of whom works tirelessly to give
our clients’ cases the best chance of success.

## Contact Dankner Milstein, P.C.

Give us a call now at 212.751.8000 or complete our contact form to schedule
your free initial consultation. If you cannot come to us, we can come to you.

## Se habla español.

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/award-logo.png)

  * Home
  * About DM
  * PRACTICE AREA
    * Best Medical Malpractice Lawyers NYC
      * Radiology Errors/Failures
      * Hospital Negligence
        * Emergency Room Errors
        * EMT/Paramedic Malpractice
        * Jacobi Medical Center
        * Forest Hills Hospital
        * Medical Malpractice at Harlem Hospital
      * Nursing Home Injuries and Abuse
        * Bedsores
        * Unexpected Falls
      * Anesthesia Injuries
        * Spinal Anesthesia Errors and Allergic Reactions to Local Anesthetic
      * Medication Errors
        * Wrong Medication Dosage
      * Birth Injuries
        * Cerebral Palsy
        * Shoulder Dystocia and Erb’s Palsy
        * Obstetric Negligence
        * Labor Delivery Negligence/Improper Use of Forceps
        * Failure to Perform C-Section
        * Failure to Recognize Fetal Distress
      * Failure to Diagnose
        * Delayed Diagnosis of Cancer
        * Delayed Diagnosis of Breast Cancer
        * Failure to Diagnose Ovarian Cancer
        * Failure to Diagnose Bowel Obstruction
        * Failure to Properly Read X-Rays or Mammograms
        * Appendicitis Misdiagnosis
        * Gynecological Errors
      * Surgical Mistakes
        * Wrong Site Surgery
        * Anesthesia Errors
        * Unnecessary Surgery
      * Surgical Errors
        * Organ Puncture or Perforation
        * Bowel Perforation
        * Spinal Cord Injuries in Surgery
    * Best Personal Injury Lawyers NYC
      * The McDonald’s Hot Cup of Coffee Case
    * Construction Accidents
      * New York Falls From Ladders
      * New York Falling Objects
      * New York Scaffold Accidents
      * Workplace Injuries
    * Product Liability
      * Toxic Torts
      * Mass Torts
    * Premises Liability
      * Injured on Public Property
      * NYC Subway Platform Injuries
      * Trip and Falls due to Broken Sidewalks
      * Inadequate Security
    * Car Accident Lawyers NYC
      * New York Public Transportation Accidents
      * Commercial Trucking Accidents
      * Car Accidents
      * Truck Accidents
      * Motorcycle Accidents
      * Pedestrian Accidents
      * Delivery Bike Accidents
      * Drunk Driving Accidents
      * Fire Truck/Police/Ambulance Accidents
      * Sanitation Worker Injuries
    * Aviation Accidents
    * Maritime and Admiralty Injuries
    * Trial Counsel
  * Attorneys
    * Jay W. Dankner
    * Edward P. Milstein
  * Results
  * Blog
  * Testimonials
  * Contact Us

  * Home
  * About DM
  * PRACTICE AREA
    * Best Medical Malpractice Lawyers NYC
      * Radiology Errors/Failures
      * Hospital Negligence
        * Emergency Room Errors
        * EMT/Paramedic Malpractice
        * Jacobi Medical Center
        * Forest Hills Hospital
        * Medical Malpractice at Harlem Hospital
      * Nursing Home Injuries and Abuse
        * Bedsores
        * Unexpected Falls
      * Anesthesia Injuries
        * Spinal Anesthesia Errors and Allergic Reactions to Local Anesthetic
      * Medication Errors
        * Wrong Medication Dosage
      * Birth Injuries
        * Cerebral Palsy
        * Shoulder Dystocia and Erb’s Palsy
        * Obstetric Negligence
        * Labor Delivery Negligence/Improper Use of Forceps
        * Failure to Perform C-Section
        * Failure to Recognize Fetal Distress
      * Failure to Diagnose
        * Delayed Diagnosis of Cancer
        * Delayed Diagnosis of Breast Cancer
        * Failure to Diagnose Ovarian Cancer
        * Failure to Diagnose Bowel Obstruction
        * Failure to Properly Read X-Rays or Mammograms
        * Appendicitis Misdiagnosis
        * Gynecological Errors
      * Surgical Mistakes
        * Wrong Site Surgery
        * Anesthesia Errors
        * Unnecessary Surgery
      * Surgical Errors
        * Organ Puncture or Perforation
        * Bowel Perforation
        * Spinal Cord Injuries in Surgery
    * Best Personal Injury Lawyers NYC
      * The McDonald’s Hot Cup of Coffee Case
    * Construction Accidents
      * New York Falls From Ladders
      * New York Falling Objects
      * New York Scaffold Accidents
      * Workplace Injuries
    * Product Liability
      * Toxic Torts
      * Mass Torts
    * Premises Liability
      * Injured on Public Property
      * NYC Subway Platform Injuries
      * Trip and Falls due to Broken Sidewalks
      * Inadequate Security
    * Car Accident Lawyers NYC
      * New York Public Transportation Accidents
      * Commercial Trucking Accidents
      * Car Accidents
      * Truck Accidents
      * Motorcycle Accidents
      * Pedestrian Accidents
      * Delivery Bike Accidents
      * Drunk Driving Accidents
      * Fire Truck/Police/Ambulance Accidents
      * Sanitation Worker Injuries
    * Aviation Accidents
    * Maritime and Admiralty Injuries
    * Trial Counsel
  * Attorneys
    * Jay W. Dankner
    * Edward P. Milstein
  * Results
  * Blog
  * Testimonials
  * Contact Us

## Social Porfiles

Facebook-f __ Twitter __ Linkedin __ Google-plus-g __

## NEW YORK

61 Broadway - Suite 2824  
New York, NY 10006  
Call Now!: 212.751.8000  
Fax: 212-751-8091  
New York Law Office

Dankner & Milstein P.C. is Of Counsel at Gersowitz Libo & Korek P.C. , Our
Malpractice and injury lawyers have offices in New York City, New Jersey and
Long Island. We represent clients throughout the region in places such as
Manhattan, Brooklyn, the Bronx, Queens, Staten Island, Long Island, Garden
City, Englewood, Nassau County, Suffolk County, Westchester County, Kings
County, Bronx County, Richmond County and Queens County.

© 2023 by Dankner Milstein, P.C. All rights reserved. Disclaimer | Site Map |
Privacy Policy

Scroll to Top

