top of page

  * HOME

  * PRACTICE AREAS

    * CONSTRUCTION LAW
    * EMPLOYMENT LABOR & ERISA
    * PUBLIC CONTRACTS
    * BUSINESS & REAL ESTATE
    * CONTRACTS & COMMERCIAL
    * LITIGATION & APPEALS
    * WILLS & ESTATES
  * ATTORNEYS

    * NOAH H. CHARLSON
    * LIAM Y. BRABER
    * CHRISTOPHER I. McCABE
    * WILLIAM A. DENMARK
    * PAUL J. FANELLI
    * ANTONELLA COLELLA
  * OUR ATTITUDE

  * CONTACT

  * BLOGS

    * PA Public Contracts
  * More

Use tab to navigate through the menu items.

  * 

# A PHILADELPHIA LAW FIRM

#  SERVING PENNSYLVANIA, NEW YORK AND NEW JERSEY

## CONSTRUCTION LAW

## CORPORATE & REAL ESTATE

## PUBLIC CONTRACTS

## EMPLOYMENT & LABOR

## COMMERCIAL CONTRACTS & LITIGATION

Anchor 1

# OUR TEAM

###### NOAH H. CHARLSON

###### LIAM Y. BRABER

###### CHRISTOPHER I. McCABE

###### WILLIAM A. DENMARK

Tel: 215-447-7401

noah@charlsonlaw.com

Tel: 215-330-5703

liam@charlsonlaw.com

Tel: 215-330-5702

chris@charlsonlaw.com

Tel: 215-330-5704

bill@charlsonlaw.com

###### PAUL J. FANELLI

###### ANTONELLA COLELLA

Tel: 215-447.7402

paul@charlsonlaw.com

Tel: 267.609.8204

antonella@charlsonlaw.com

ATTORNEYS

# OUR ATTITUDE

Charlson Braber McCabe & Denmark is the firm you've been looking for.   We
have spent our careers providing sophisticated and efficient solutions to the
legal problems that businesses and individuals confront every day.  Our
clients want us to handle most of their legal work, so we created a full
service firm that can do just that.  We specialize in construction contracts
and litigation, employment, labor, and ERISA issues, government contracting,
and corporate and real estate transactions.   We also craft estate plans and
draft commercial contracts of all types.

​

Formed originally by veteran litigator and construction lawyer Noah H.
Charlson in 2016, he was soon joined by Liam Y. Braber, Christopher I. McCabe
and William A. Denmark, whose varied practices round out the firm's full
service practice.  Combined, our attorneys have nearly 100 years of experience
representing companies, individuals and non-profits in a wide range of
matters.  We are licensed to practice in Pennsylvania, New York and New
Jersey, but can often handle matters throughout the United States through our
contacts with local counsel.



When you call, you talk to us.  When we represent you, we show up personally.
Whether dealing with every-day business challenges or a bet-the-company
litigation, CBMD will work with you to craft lasting solutions to your legal
problems.  

our_vision

# CONTACT US

 PHILADELPHIA

8 Penn Center​

1628 JFK Boulevard, Suite 1803

Philadelphia, PA 19103

Email: info@charlsonlaw.com  
Tel:  215-447-7400

Fax: 215-660-0180



Click Here to Find Us

 NEW YORK

1250 Broadway, 36th Flr.

New York, NY 10001 (appt. only)

​

Email: info@charlsonlaw.com  
Tel:  215-447-7400

Fax: 215-660-0180



Click Here to Find Us

contact

BACK TO TOP

(C) Charlson Braber McCabe & Denmark

This website is for informational purposes only.  It does not constitute legal
advice.  If you need representation, please contact the firm directly.  A
written engagement letter will be required.  Charlson Braber McCabe & Denmark
is a  Professional Corporation.

bottom of page

