Close   * Attorney Profiles    * Jeffrey Rager    * James Yoon    * Ashley Garay  * Practice Areas    * Wrongful Termination    * Kaiser Permanente      * Kaiser Permanente Discrimination      * Kaiser Permanente Wrongful Termination      * Retaliation for Reporting Unsafe Conditions    * Workplace Discrimination      * Disability Discrimination      * Gender Discrimination      * Marital Status Discrimination      * Racial Discrimination      * Religious Discrimination    * Whistleblower      * Retaliation    * Employment Law      * Healthcare Law    * Workplace Violations      * Overtime Violations      * Equal Pay Act Violation      * Family Medical Leave Act Violation      * Wage Fraud    * Hostile Work Environment    * Sexual Harassment  * Client Reviews  * Cases    * Case Results  * Blog  * Contact us310-527-6994F  r  e  e    C  o  n  s  u  l  t  a  t  i  o  n# LOS ANGELESEMPLOYMENT &WRONGFUL TERMINATIONTRIAL LAWYERSMARTINUCCI V. KAISER PERMANENTE### $11,441,559STRUB V. KAISER PERMANENTE### $3,949,580CHAUGLE V. TENET HEALTHCARE### $3,458,331HUFFMAN V. WONDERBREAD /IBC### $2,699,000HERBST V. UNIVERSAL STUDIOS, INC### $2,500,000BRANNIGAN V. SUTTER HEALTH### $2,108,303WASCHER V. KAISER PERMANENTE### $1,750,000Defamation### $1,630,334JORDAN V. CITY OF LONG BEACH### $1,519,679Wang v. Sony Electronics### $1,450,000Whistleblower### $1,400,000RENSHAW-BODNAR V. CITY OF LONG BEACH### $1,250,000Loveless v. Kaiser Permanente### $1,228,721LANDIS V. PINKERTONS SECURITY### $1,189,843LAVE V. CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS### $1,046,347.55Vargas v. Kaiser Permanente### $301,240We take pride in protecting the rights and best interests of clients who have been the victim of illegal workplace violations.book a free consultation ## Cases we handleKaiser PermanenteWrongful TerminationWorkplace DiscriminationWhistleblowerSexual HarassmentOvertime ViolationsHostile Work EnvironmentEmployment LawWHY choose rager & yoonCountless employees in the State of California and Los Angeles lose their jobs as a result of discrimination, harassment or retaliation. A job loss can be financially and emotionally devastating to the employee and their family. Our job is to address and remedy these harms.We take pride in protecting the rights and best interests of clients who have been the victim of wrongful termination. Our team of wrongful termination attorneys utilizes an aggressive and comprehensive approach to place each client in the best position to succeed.  *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   * ## recovered Hundreds of Millions,Transformed   Thousands of Lives.Karen BrownThank goodness I found Jeff. I worked for a company for nearly a decade as the discrimination became worse and worse. I went to Jeff when I was at myUllysses OrnelosIt was a long road, and I persevered with the help of Mr Rager, he always kept me in the loop, was always open and gave his most honest opinions.Donna GarciaDivine providence led me to the Rager Law Firm when I needed to retain strong legal representation on behalf of a family member. Just from my initial call with Jamesread more testimonials ## HAVE YOU LOST A JOB DUE TOWRONGFUL TERMINATION?Far too many employees are forced to endure a hostile work environment and they are forced to quit. If they dont quit, they are ultimately fired illegally. Fortunately, there are many laws in California designed to remedy employers who wrongfully terminate employees in Los Angeles and throughout the State.Over the years, the wrongful termination attorneys at Rager & Yoon Employment Lawyers have successfully represented hundreds of employees in a variety of cases including:## Kaiser PermanenteAt **Rager & Yoon  Employment Lawyers ** we have been successfully prosecuting Kaiser Permanente on behalf of its employees for over 20 years. Mr. Rager has successfully litigated countless of **wrongful termination** , discrimination, harassment, and retaliation cases against Kaiser Permanente and its affiliates. He has represented Kaiser Permanente physicians, nurses, and administrators in all types of cases asserting claims for EEOC, FEHA, and DFEH Violations, along with Violations of Health and Safety Code section 1278.5 and Business and Professions Code section 2056. After having obtained a number of multi-million dollar trial verdicts against Kaiser Permanente, and handled complex cases involving affiliate entities such as Southern California Permanente Medical Group, The Permanente Medical Group, Kaiser Foundation Hospitals, Kaiser Foundation Health Plan, Inc., The Permanente Federation, LLC., and many others, he guarantees satisfaction and the successful outcome of your Kaiser Permanente case.view practice area ## Sexual HarassmentSexual harassment is detrimental to everyone in the workplace. Not only does this type of behavior impact the morale of the workforce, but more importantly, it is emotionally and psychologically devastating to the victim. At Rager & Yoon  Employment Lawyers, **our attorney** is standing by to help if you need a **Los Angeles sexual harassment attorney**. We have extensive experience handling workplace sexual harassment cases, and we understand what it takes to investigate these incidents, determine liability, and help victims obtain the justice and compensation they need. **Sexual harassment is still prevalent in the workplace** We want to be clear that sexual harassment can happen to any person in the workplace, regardless of their gender, sexuality, or gender identity.view practice area ## RetaliationAGGRESSIVE & COMPREHENSIVE REPRESENTATION HANDLING RETALIATION CLAIMS Every employee deserves to work in a safe and productive environment. But when a worker speaks up against an employer that engages in unethical or illegal business practices, they should never have to worry about retaliation. Unfortunately, it happens all the time throughout Southern California. Most of these incidents go unreported because many employees feel powerless and never take action. My name is Jeffrey Rager and I am a Los Angeles retaliation attorney. Intimidation tactics by an employer are never acceptable. California labor laws prohibit employers from terminating employees who make a complaint about harassment or discrimination. The attorneys at Rager & Yoon  Employment Lawyers utilize an aggressive and comprehensive approach to help protect the rights of each client.view practice area view all practice areas ## What Is Wrongful Discharge?Just because California is an at-will state does not mean that employers are free to fire people for any reason whatsoever. There are numerous reasons why a person may lose their job, but there are several ways in which a termination may be considered wrongful. In legal terms, wrongful termination refers to a situation where an employer fires or lays off an employee in a way that breaches the employees legal rights. Some of the most common cases that we handle at Rager & Yoon  Employment Lawyers include discrimination, harassment, and retaliation cases.You can count on our wrongful termination attorneys to take the time to thoroughly investigate your case. Because every client is different, our legal team and staff take pride in providing personalized legal representation and counsel. From the moment a client visits an initial consultation and all the way through the trial, we will always stand by our clients side.## REALPeople,  ResultsMARTINUCCI V. KAISER PERMANENTE### $11,441,559A Jury awarded Dr. Martinucci $11,441,559 against Southern California Permanente Medical Group and Kaiser Foundation Health Plan. Dr. Martinucci proved that the Defendants retaliated against him for attempting to improve patient care through uniform radiology procedures.Download PDF STRUB V. KAISER PERMANENTE### $3,949,580A jury found that Kaiser had a conflict of interest when they reported Dr. Strub to the medical board and then concurrently represented him in front of the same medical board resulting in the loss of his license.Download PDF CHAUGLE V. TENET HEALTHCARE### $3,458,331A jury found that Dr. Chaugle was retaliated against for being a patient advocate by Valley Heart Associates Medical Group and that Doctors Medical Center of Modesto (Tenet) interfered with his employment relationship and intentionally inflicted emotional distress upon him. Dr. Chaugle raised concerns that emergent cardiac surgeries were being delayed and cardiac patients were being mixed with infected patients.Download PDF HUFFMAN V. WONDERBREAD /IBC### $2,699,000Huffman was a district sales manager sued the defendant bread company claiming age discrimination in violation of state law. The plaintiff alleged that he was demoted resulting in a reduction of his pay when two younger managers were hired and that he was subsequently wrongfully terminated by the defendant because of his age.Download PDF HERBST V. UNIVERSAL STUDIOS, INC### $2,500,000A jury found that Plaintiff was subjected to gender harassment. Ms. Herbst worked for Universal Studios for 17 years and was laid off.Download PDF BRANNIGAN V. SUTTER HEALTH### $2,108,303A jury found that Dr. Brannigan was defamed as a result of his advocacy for better patient care. Dr. Brannigan complained about a lack of supplies and substandard care by the attending OB/GYN anesthesiologist.Defamation### $1,630,334We achieved a $1.6M settlement in the defamation case.JORDAN V. CITY OF LONG BEACH### $1,519,679Sharon Jordon worked for 16 years as a secretary for defendant city of Long Beach. A jury found that Ms. Jordan was retaliated against for filing a complaint of discrimination and wrongfully terminated.Download PDF Wang v. Sony Electronics### $1,450,000A jury found that 14-year employee, Mr. Wang, was fired after informing his employer of the need for back surgery.Download PDF Whistleblower### $1,400,000We achieved a $1.4M settlement on behalf of a terminated manager alleging retaliation and whistleblowing.view all case results ## Meet Our AttorneysAt Rager & Yoon  Employment Lawyers we have extensive experience across all areas of employment law.Learn more about what makes our award-winning attorneys stand out.#### Jeffrey Rager Founding Partner#### James Yoon Partner#### Ashley Garay Associate Attorney## HIGHLY RATED LOS ANGELESEMPLOYMENT ATTORNEYS YOU CAN TRUST**For more than 25 years, Mr. Rager has recovered millions in verdicts and settlements.**He has been rated as a Top 100 Superlawyer in Southern California for years and recognized by the Daily Journal as a Top Employment Lawyer in the State of California. He has teamed up with Mr. Yoon for the past six years to bring exceptional results to their clients.When it comes to representation in wrongful termination cases, you need an attorney with a proven track record in Los Angeles and throughout the State of California. We have successfully tried cases in Northern California, Central California, and in Southern California. Contact Rager and Yoon  Employment Lawyers for a free consultation regarding your case.## Recent BlogsRetaliation### Retaliation Claims In Los Angeles: Common Misconceptions...Navigating the complex landscape of retaliation claims in Los Angeles is crucial for employees and employers. At Rager & Yoon - Employment Lawyers, we understand...read post Discrimination### Legal Strategies for Employees Facing Gender Discrimination:...Gender discrimination is an unfortunate reality in workplaces nationwide, including Los Angeles. At Rager & Yoon - Employment Lawyers, we recognize employees significant challenges when...read post Employment Law### Family and Medical Leave in California: Employee...In California, the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) provides certain employees the right to take unpaid leave for specified family and medical reasons without...read post read more blogs ## Providing Legal Service _Near You_### Los Angeles Office811 Wilshire Blvd  17th Floor,  Los Angeles, CA 90017213-255-4165### El Segundo Office2321 Rosecrans Ave  Suite 4255,  El Segundo, CA 90245310-527-6994  * Practice Areas  * Client Reviews  * Blog  * Contact us Rager & Yoon - Employment Lawyers   * Privacy Policy  * Terms & Conditions  * Disclaimer  * SitemapDesigned and Maintained by  *   * ## Contact Us   __1+6=?By clicking submit, you are agreeing to the  Disclaimer and Privacy Policy.This is magic