![Corona Law Firm, P.A.](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1502182/2021/04/corona_logo.png)

Do Not Wait. Contact us today | 305-521-9592

  * Home
  * About
  * Practice Areas
    * Civil Litigation
      * Credit Card Disputes
    * Criminal Defense
    * Estate Planning And Probate
    * Family Law
    * Foreclosure Defense
    * Condominium Property Damage
    * Immigration Law
    * Bankruptcy
    * Personal Injury
      * Motor Vehicle Accidents
    * Real Estate
  * Blog
  * Contact
  * Español

![Corona Law Firm, P.A.](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1502182/2021/04/corona_logo.png)

  * Home
  * About
  * Practice Areas
    * Civil Litigation
      * Credit Card Disputes
    * Criminal Defense
    * Estate Planning And Probate
    * Family Law
    * Foreclosure Defense
    * Condominium Property Damage
    * Immigration Law
    * Bankruptcy
    * Personal Injury
      * Motor Vehicle Accidents
    * Real Estate
  * Blog
  * Contact
  * Español

Do Not Wait. Contact Us today.

 305-521-9592

# The Experience Necessary To Win

Established in 1997

Request a consultation today

Photo of the legal professional at Corona Law Firm P.A.

## The Experience Necessary To Win

![Group photo of the attorneys and staff of Corona Law Firm, P.A.](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1502182/2021/06/banner-mobile-small.jpg)

Established in 1997

Request a consultation today

Photo of the legal professional at Corona Law Firm P.A.

Serving people in Miami, Dade County, Broward County and the surrounding
areas.  
 **Se habla Español.**

## Practice Areas

![Bankruptcy](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1502182/2021/04/practice-icon-1a.png)

Bankruptcy

![Immigration](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1502182/2021/04/practice-icon-10.png)

Immigration

![Personal Injury](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1502182/2021/05/practice-icon-
pi.png)

Personal Injury

![Foreclosure Defense](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1502182/2021/04/practice-
icon-4.png)

Foreclosure Defense

![Family Law](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1502182/2021/04/practice-icon-8.png)

Family Law

![Criminal Defense](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1502182/2021/04/divorce.png)

Criminal Defense

![Estate Planning And Probate](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1502182/2021/04/practice-icon-5.png)

Estate Planning And Probate

![Real Estate](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1502182/2021/04/practice-
icon-9-1.png)

Real Estate

![Civil Litigation](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1502182/2021/04/practice-
icon-10a.png)

Civil Litigation

![HOA And Condo Law](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1502182/2021/04/practice-
icon-9.png)

Condominium Property Damage

## Established in 1997

At Corona Law Firm, P.A., we have a vast knowledge and experience in a wide
range of practice areas that allows us to respond effectively to the problems
our clients are facing. We have a well-recognized reputation for being able to
deliver the strategic solutions people deserve. We provide our clients with
representation that is fully capable of helping them to overcome the most
difficult situations.

![Photo of the legal professionals at Corona Law Firm P.A.](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1502182/2021/05/corona-law-firm-photo-web.jpg)

## About Us

### Relevant Experience Is The Key

Our attorneys bring together a wealth of experience that allows us to provide
the highly effective counsel and advocacy that people deserve. We have former
prosecutors from the Miami-Dade State Attorney’s Office who offer their
services as defense against criminal charges. Our founding attorney, Ricardo
Corona, has extensive commercial banking experience, including eight years as
a bank director. This background gives him insight into bankruptcy and how to
make it work for people. Let us put our team’s experience to work securing the
outcome you need.

## Meet Our Attorneys

### Ricardo Corona

Attorney

### Carolina Corona

Attorney

### Ricardo M. Corona

Attorney

### Nina Tarafa

Attorney

### Zamir Cruz

Attorney

### America Alvarez

Attorney

### Ricardo Corona

Attorney

### Carolina Corona

Attorney

### Ricardo M. Corona

Attorney

### Nina Tarafa

Attorney

### Zamir Cruz

Attorney

### America Alvarez

Attorney

## Why Us

### We Are Here For You

No matter what type of challenging legal matter you are facing, our firm is
here to help you. We will examine the facts of your case and get to know what
a real solution is in your opinion. Our attorneys will create a plan designed
to help you secure the best possible solution to your problem, be it the
aftermath of a motor vehicle accident, an immigration issue, overwhelming debt
or any other type of legal matter. We will be right there with you, working
our hardest to achieve your goals.

![Photo of Corona Law Firm, P.A. Office building](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1502182/2021/04/mod3a.jpg)

### **PAVO GRATIS**

Free Turkey  
Here on Tuesday 11/21/2023  
Before Thanksgiving  
4pm  
+305-547-1234  
AbogadoCorona.com

Do not hesitate to contact us. To schedule a free initial consultation, call
305-521-9592 or contact us online.

## Contact Information



6700 SW 38 Street  
Miami, FL 33155

**Miami Office Location**



904 S Andrews Avenue  
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33316

**Broward Office Location**



305-521-9592

## Get In Touch With Us

Review Us

LawPay

  * Follow
  * Follow
  * Follow
  * Follow
  * Follow

(C) 2023 Corona Law Firm, P.A. • All Rights Reserved

Disclaimer | Site Map | Privacy Policy | Business Development Solutions by
FindLaw, part of Thomson Reuters

