Layton Law Firm |  |  |  |   ---|---|---      * Home   * Attorney   * Practice Areas   * Contact     ---        | ##   Rona Layton, AttorneyIt happened pretty quickly: Rona Layton discovered a passion for business and the law. She also tapped into the tremendous satisfaction that comes from working with people who love their jobs. (In a nutshell, that describes both business owners and human resources professionals.)     For more than 25 years, Ms. Layton has been practicing employment law representing management interests. A graduate of the Santa Clara University School of Law, she specializes in serving small- to medium-sized businesses and nonprofit corporations. For more than a quarter century, she has been dealing with the issues that affect employers, ranging from **employee relations** to **personnel policies** , **wage-and-hour matters** to **harassment,** **discrimination** and **wrongful termination**.      Ms. Layton represents clients before the ****State and Federal Courts, the** State Labor Commissioner**, **Department of Fair Employment and Housing** , **Equal Employment Opportunity Commission** , **Workers Compensation Appeals Board** , and the **California Unemployment Insurance Appeals Board**.     She frequently presents employment seminars before various organizations around the Bay Area. She also presents in-house employment law training on topics such as sexual harassment, violence in the workplace, and disciplining employees. Ms Layton is legal counsel to the **Better Business Bureau of Los Angeles and Silicon Valley**. She actively participates with the **Employment Law Section** and the **Law Related Education Committee** of the Santa Clara County Bar Association. Ms Layton also teaches Employment Law as an adjunct professor in the Human Resources Master's Program at **Golden Gate University**.     Among Ms. Layton's pro bono activities is the law-intensive act of fostering kittens to be put up for adoption. In her spare time, she enjoys dark chocolate and Giants games (indulging them separately as well as together).              ##                                         DISCLAIMER               |                  PRIVACY POLICY|     ---|---|---    | ## Interested in working with Layton Law firm? | Click Here    ---|---|---