Skip to content

Motiva Business Law

###### 5-Star Rating

## Florida

### (813) 945-4517

401 E Jackson Street  
Suite 2340  
Tampa, FL 33602

## Illinois

### (630) 517-5529

2021 Midwest Road  
Suite 309  
Oak Brook, IL 60523

Menu

__

  * Our People
  * Practice Areas __

    * Business Acquisitions
    * Franchise Attorney
    * Contracts
    * Start-Ups and Business Law
  * Business Law Resources __

    * Business Law Blog
    * Business Law Videos
  * Contact

### We help business owners get deals done so they can focus their dreams

__ SCHEDULE CONSULTATION

# Commercial Lawyer Practice Areas

##### Business Acquisitions

Work with a lawyer who is familiar with the legal complexities associated with
acquisitions to ensure a smooth business transaction. We offer legal expertise
related to:

  * Letter of Intent to Purchase (LOI)
  * Term Sheets
  * Purchase Agreements
  * Due Diligence
  * Negotiation
  * Getting You to Closing
  *  **LEARN MORE…**

##### Franchises

Have your franchise agreement reviewed by a lawyer who will advise you of your
rights and obligations as a franchisee, or become a franchisor. We can assist
with:

  * Franchise Formation
  * Franchise Agreement Reviews
  * Legal Counsel Related to Franchise Matters
  *  **LEARN MORE …**

##### Contracts

Make sure you’re entering a fair deal by working with an attorney who can
write, review, and negotiate your company’s contracts. We can help with:

  * Strategy for B2B and B2C Contracts
  * Contract Creation
  * Contract Reviews
  * Contract Negotiation
  *  **LEARN MORE …**

##### Start-Ups & Business Law

Get the expert legal help you need to choose the right business entity and
protect your assets. We can help you with:

  * Operating Agreements
  * Shareholder Agreements & Bylaws
  * Choosing the Right Business Entity
  * Strategic Business Structure
  * Consulting on Start Up & Business Formation Matters
  * Corporate Transparency Act/Beneficial Ownership Information (BOI) reports
  *  **LEARN MORE …**

### We Make It Easy For You

##### Make Informed Decisions

We help you understand your legal alternatives so you can make strategic
decisions that align with both your business and personal goals.

##### Protect Your Business

We help you prevent legal issues and disputes that may adversely affect your
business, saving you from wasted time and lost revenue.

##### Understand Your Legal Options

Legal matters can be complicated and overwhelming. Our goal is to ensure that
you clearly understand your position, alternatives, advantages, disadvantages,
and implications of every transaction. We make the law accessible.

### What Our Clients Say

__

Danya is goal focused, which I appreciate, she doesn’t expect you to know the
law, but she wants to know what your business means to you. At the end of the
day, your business is worth being protected and respected in the field you are
in.

Judith L.

__

Danya was a pleasure to work with. She was very professional, courteous, and
had the expertise and knowledge to review our lease and franchise agreements.
She gave great insight and recommendations on how we can protect ourselves and
our business and to ensure the agreements were fair for both parties.

Sadaf F.

view more

### Our Process

##### Step One

Schedule your initial consultation with our Firm. You may be asked to provide
a refundable deposit so we know you are serious about business.

##### Step Two

During your consultation with our Firm, we will learn more about your needs,
goals, and see if we are a good fit for each other.

#### Step Three

We will inform you of your legal options using our years of experience in
business law. We will then present you with service offerings that make sense
for your individual situation.

##### Step Four

After hiring our Firm to handle your legal matter, our team will begin working
and deliver the service according to a specified timeline. We will make sure
you fully understand what has been delivered, any next steps, and remain
accessible until we get to your goal.

__ SCHEDULE CONSULTATION

### Meet Attorney Shakfeh

Danya Shakfeh has been practicing business law for over a decade. She is well-
versed in strategic business structuring, contracts, business strategy,
franchises, and negotiation. Attorney Shakfeh is an award-winning lawyer who
has also been published in multiple journals. She believes the law should be
accessible and easy to understand, is a fierce advocate to her clients, and
aims to guide every client toward solutions that protect their businesses
long-term.

###### Award-Winning Attorney

Danya has received the Rising Star badge from Super Lawyers for multiple,
consecutive years due to her excellent service and client care.

###### Over A Decade of Experience

Danya has helped dozens of entrepreneurs protect their companies by using her
in-depth knowledge of Florida and Illinois business law and years of
expertise.

### Our Team

Professional, organized, responsive and caring are all words we hear from our
clients when they describe the Motiva Business Law team. Every person on our
team is client-focused and committed to ensuring clients receive the best
service possible. From the time you schedule your initial consultation, to
after your legal matter is resolved, you will feel taken care of and know you
are in good hands.

View More

### What Makes Our Firm Different

__

#####  We Are Responsive

According to industry reports, the number one complaint clients have about
their attorneys is lack of response and long turnaround time. We do not have
this problem at our firm. Clients continually comment on how quickly we
respond to their questions and concerns. We solve any problems and address
doubts that arise, keeping each client up-to-speed as their legal matter
progresses.

__

#####  We Are Client-Focused

Each of our services is different because our work is based upon our client’s
individual goals, both professional and personal. We tailor our services to
our clients and continually communicate as their legal matters progress.

__

#####  We Are Tech Savvy

We take full advantage of technological solutions to stay organized and
communicate effectively. You will always have access to our team and
understand exactly where we are in the process of handling your legal matter.

__

#####  We Are Diverse

Motiva Business Law is a woman-owned business, and we are proud to have an
Arabic-speaking attorney who serves as not only a legal resource, but as a
trusted guide to each client she has the opportunity to work with. We also
have staff who speak Spanish and Mandarin.

#### FAQ

____ Why do I need a lawyer who knows business law?

If you are a business owner and you are dealing with a business legal matter,
you will want an attorney on your side who fully understands Illinois business
law. This is the best way to ensure that your business remains protected. Not
having a business law attorney on your side can result in unnecessary
disputes, lost time and money, and maybe even the death of your business.
Taking the right legal steps while operating your business is the best way to
protect it long-term.

____ Why may I be asked to provide a deposit?

When we do consultations, we are taking away time from paying clients. In
order to for all involved to have skin in the game, we need to ensure that
potential clients are serious about improving their businesses and their
lives, via our legal services.

____ Why should I choose Motiva Business Law?

We’re committed to being different. What does this mean for you? Quick
responses to your questions, the ability to clearly understand your legal
options, expedient delivery of services, and having a legal advocate on your
side who is committed to making sure both you and your business remain
protected.

____ What locations in Illinois and Florida does your firm service?

We work with clients located in Oak Brook, Burr Ridge, Naperville, Hinsdale,
Lombard, Addison, Downers Grove, Oak Park, Darien, Chicago, and the
Chicagoland Area. In Florida, we work with clients located in the Tampa Bay
Area, Wesley Chapel, New Tampa, Temple Terrace, Lutz, Odessa, Brooksville,
Land O'Lakes, and Clearwater.

Facebook __ Linkedin __ Youtube __ Tiktok __ Instagram __

##### Practice Areas

Business Acquisitions  
Franchises  
Contracts  
Start-Ups & Business Formations

##### Industries

Technology  
Manufacturing  
Restaurants  
Hospitality  
Professional Services

##### Office Locations

**Oak Brook, Illinois**  
2021 Midwest Road, Suite 309  
Oak Brook, IL 60523  
(630) 517-5529

 **Tampa, Florida**  
401 E Jackson St, Suite 2340 Tampa, FL 33602  
(813) 945-4517

Copyright **©** 2023 - Motiva Business Law | Privacy Policy | Disclaimer |
Sitemap

Scroll to Top

