410-405-7996 [email protected]

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Linkedin

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Linkedin

  * Home
  * About Us
    * Testimonials
  * Practice areas
    * Estate Planning, Wills and Trusts
    * Trust Administration
    * Planning for Your Children/Guardianship
    * Special Needs Planning
    * Elder Law and Medicaid Planning
    * Adult Guardianship
    * Asset Protection Planning
    * Estate Tax Planning
    * Probate Process
    * Business Entity Formation
    * Small Business General Counsel
    * Business Succession
    * Employment Law
  * Blog/Media
    * Blog
    * Video
    * Podcasts
  * Events
  * FAQs
  * Contact Us
  * Make Payment

Select Page

## What People Say About Our Firm

“Paulette presented the information at a gathering in our home. Everyone was
impressed with her presentation and her passion. Thanks again Paulette for
keeping us in the know and on the right path!”



##### The Pritchetts, _Perfecting Worship Center, MD_

_I have had the pleasure of working with Paulette at Lundy’s Law Group for
over 3 years. My interactions with this firm have been nothing but stellar!
Even today, when I should forget about my great experience already, I still
remember it! Paulette is a passionate advocate for her clients and that is why
I have continued my relationship with this firm. When I need legal advice, I
connect with the Lundy Law Group. I highly recommend this firm to anyone
seeking legal assistance._



##### Jan Walker-Emeogo, _Business Consultant_

_We’ve had the pleasure of counsel, representation, and 501c3 documentation
preparation by Lundy Law Group, LLC. Attorney Paulette Lundy is astute having
a diversity of legal knowledge intersecting multiple industries, specifics in
our case namely Employee Relations, Board Governance, and Corporation
Establishment. Through Lundy Law Group we have been integrally and skillfully
advised through Employee engagement and separation contracts, organizational
board governance, and parliamentary procedures (including Bylaw and
constitution revisions) and the systematic protocols of launching a legal
entity. We are more than pleased with Attorney Lundy’s wisdom, ethical
approach, attention to detail, and client relationship retention. Lundy Law
Group is committed to service and excellence in service!_



##### Everett & Dorsharica Jeffersons, _Wisdom Matters with the Jeffersons &
Victory Temple Church_

_Dear Paulette,_  
 _I want to thank you for the legal advice that have provided to me and my
company over the last several years. Your experience and knowledge are
invaluable and truly appreciated. I want to personally thank you for your
passion and commitment and have no reservation in recommending the Lundy Law
Firm to family, friends and associates._  
 _Sincerely,_



##### Sean Chrysostom, _President - Car 1, LLC_

About Us

Our experienced attorneys specialize in all matters relating to Estate
Planning, Family, Small Business and Employment law.

Every family and small business deserves the best possible legal advice. That
is what the Lundy Law Group delivers!

  * Follow
  * Follow
  * Follow

#### Practice Areas

####

5

Estate Planning, Wills and Trusts

5

Trust Administration

5

Planning for Your Children / Guardianship

5

Special Needs Planning

5

Elder Law and Medicaid Planning

5

Adult Guardianship

5

Asset Protection Planning

5

Estate Tax Planning

5

Probate Process

5

Business Entity Formation

5

Business Succession

5

Employment Law

#### Quick Links

####

5

Home

5

About Us

5

Services

5

Blog

5

Events

5

FAQs

5

Contact Us

#### Register here for our Legacy Minute Bi-Monthly Newsletter

## Success!

Email

Submit

## Affiliations/Memberships

##

Copyright 2020 Lundy Law Group. All rights reserved | Terms & Privacy |
Website developed by Creative Flow Inc.

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Linkedin

Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPress

