## FREE Consultation.

## No fee unless we winning

## 559-713-0159

Home

About

Personal Injury

Case Results

FAQ

Blog

Contact

 __MAIN NAVIGATION

X Close

## Personalized Legal Representation by Compassionate,  
Dedicated and Experienced Attorneys

## Personalized Legal Representation by Compassionate,  
Dedicated and Experienced Attorneys

Get a Free Consultation __

## Personal Injury

Car Accidents

Truck Accidents

Motorcycle Accidents

Drunk Driving Accidents

Distracted Driving Accidents

Uninsured/Underinsured Motorist Claim

Rear-End Collisions

Dangerous Stop Signs/Accident Locations

Bicycle And Pedestrian Accidents

Medical Malpractice

Birth Injuries

Traumatic Brain Injuries

Burn Injuries

Spinal Injuries/Amputations

Slip And Fall

Animal-Related Injuries

Wrongful Death

Elder Abuse/Nursing Home Claims

 __PERSONAL INJURY

X Close

### MEET OUR ATTORNEYS

Ryan T. Nelson __

Clayton J. Christenson __

### FREE CONSULTATION

Contact Us Today __

VISIT OUR BLOG

Read More __

FAQ

Find answers to some of the most often-asked questions regarding personal
injury.

Read More __

REVIEW US __

# Visalia Personal Injury Attorneys

If you have suffered a serious injury, you may be unsure about what you need
to do next. The best advice we can give is to focus on your medical needs and
to begin working with a personal injury attorney as soon as possible. It also
helps to keep a file of your documents and to photograph your injuries.

## Acting Now Can Make A Significant Difference

It is difficult to overstate what a difference it can make if an attorney can
start preserving evidence and constructing a case as soon as possible after an
accident. Evidence can become much harder to locate as time passes.

We can provide the on-the-ground investigation you need to start collecting
evidence to prove your case. The immediate actions we can take on your behalf
include:

  * Securing both vehicles for inspection before they are repaired or destroyed
  * Downloading event data recorder information to determine speeds at and prior to impact, use of brakes, and use of seat belts
  * Scene inspections to locate and measure skids, debris locations, and roadway defects
  * Find and contact witnesses to the accident
  * Obtain the police report and gather your medical records for you

Because we take cases on a contingency fee basis, you won’t owe us anything
for our work unless we are able to recover compensation for you. You have
nothing to lose and everything to gain by having us get started working on
your case right away.

Our firm does its best to take the weight of dealing with the details of the
accident off of your shoulders. We want you to be able to focus on your health
exclusively while we work to secure the compensation that will help you get
back on your feet.

## Decades of Combined Experience

At Nelson & Rozier, we provide the skill and decades of combined experience
necessary to secure all the compensation you are entitled to. Our strength as
litigators ensures our clients’ best interests are understood by the jury and
judge.

## We Know How To Deal With Insurance Companies

Our attorneys bring extensive prior experience defending insurance companies
against claims, and we now negotiate with those same companies. Our prior
experience has taught us how the insurance companies value cases and how they
approach defending against a claim. We will use that experience to help secure
the maximum compensation you deserve.

## Personal Injury Attorneys Serving Visalia And Throughout California’s
Central Valley

If you or someone you love has suffered a serious injury in an accident, the
attorneys here at Nelson & Rozier, can offer you the skilled and experienced
help you need. To schedule a free initial consultation, call 559-713-0159 or
contact us online.

We only collect attorney’s fees and costs if we secure compensation for you.

### MEET OUR ATTORNEYS

Ryan T. Nelson __

Clayton J. Christenson __

### FREE CONSULTATION

Contact Us Today __

VISIT OUR BLOG

Read More __

FAQ

Find answers to some of the most often-asked questions regarding personal
injury.

Read More __

REVIEW US __

## How Can We Help You?

Fields marked with an * are required.

Disclaimer | Privacy Policy

I Have Read The Disclaimer *

Send Your Information Today

## Keep In Touch

100 Willow Plaza

Suite 401

Visalia, CA 93291

Phone: 559-713-0159 __

  

Fax: 559-713-0166 __

Map & Direction __

© 2022 Nelson Rozier & Christenson. All Rights Reserved.

Disclaimer | Site Map | Privacy Policy

