Close Menu

  * Home
  * Call
  * Email
  * Search
  * Menu

![NYC Employment Lawyer](https://www.newyorkcity-employmentlawyer.com/wp-
content/themes/mansell-2020/img/logos/main.png)

  * Home
  * Attorneys
    * Greg Mansell
    * Carrie Dyer
  * Unpaid Wage Law
    * Class & Collective Actions
    * Frequent Wage Violations
    * Meals & Breaks
    * Misclassification
    * Overtime Laws
    * Overtime Exemptions
    * Unpaid Overtime
    * Unpaid Minimum Wage
  * Employment Laws
    * Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA)
    * Discrimination
    * Employment Contracts
    * Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA)
    * Family & Medical Leave Act (FMLA)
    * Harassment
    * Hostile Work Environment
    * LGBTQ Discrimination
    * Military Discrimination (USERRA)
    * Non-Compete & Non-Solicitation Agreements
    * Reasonable Accommodations
    * Religious Discrimination
    * Retaliation
    * Severance Review & Negotiations
    * Sex Discrimination
    * Sexual Harassment
    * Wrongful Termination
    * Whistleblower
  * FAQs
  * Results
  * Testimonials
  * Blog
  * Contact Us

Call Today For A Free Consultation 646-921-8900

New York Employment Lawyer

SCHEDULE A FREE CONSULTATION

NYC Employment Lawyer > Testimonials

# Client Testimonials

Choosing an employment lawyer can be difficult. Below are testimonials from
former clients who wanted to share their experience with Mansell Law and Mr.
Mansell with those seeking an attorney. We want you to feel comfortable and
secure with your choice of employment attorney.

 **Greg Mansell handled my case in the most professional and expedient
manner**

“Greg Mansell handled my case in the most professional and expedient manner.
It is obvious that he was dedicated to every last aspect and nuance of my
case. Had it not been for him and his team, I am certain that my previous
employer would have been able to hide the truth of their transgressions
against me. Greg didn’t just give me peace of mind, he truly changed my
family’s lives and allowed us to move on after the pain and damage perpetrated
by my employer. My family and I will always be grateful to his insight,
dedication and perseverance in our cause.”

 **J.M, Sexual Harasssment**

 **Would recommend Mr. Mansell to anyone seeking a lawyer**

“Prior to contacting Mr. Mansell, I was told by another “employment” attorney
that I did not have a case. After I spoke with Mr. Mansell, he told me I had a
great story to tell to a jury and that he would be honored to represent me.
Nearly 24 months later, Mr. Mansell and his co-counsel Danny Caudill, were
able to obtain a jury verdict in my favor. The legal system was far different
than I thought but Mr. Mansell navigated me through the process. He eased my
fears, kept me on track, and prepared tirelessly on each aspect of my case. At
trial, Mr. Mansell and Mr. Caudill were remarkable. They were able to present
the testimony and evidence to a jury as if they were talking to friends. The
results achieved in my case were far, far beyond my expectations. I truly
believe that we developed a friendship throughout this matter and would
recommend Mr. Mansell to anyone seeking a lawyer.”

 **Brian W., Disability Discrimination**

 **From the start Greg made me feel confident in my case**

“From the start Greg made me feel confident in my case and seemed to truly
care about my feelings and views. He knew the best approach when it came time
to present my case. He contacted me and made sure I did not feel alone or
confused the day of my hearing. I felt very proud to have him on my side as he
shined while leaving the other side stumbling for answers. I was very excited
to win my case, but even if I didn’t, there wouldn’t be regret as I know he
was the best choice.”

 **Jayson K., Unemployment Compensation**

 **I owe my job to Mr. Mansell’s work**

“I owe my job to Mr. Mansell’s work. When I came to him, the writing was on
the wall that I would be terminated and I felt there was nothing I could do.
Mr. Mansell took an aggressive approach and made my employer back down. It
saved my job and let me sleep at night. I really can’t say enough about his
approach and knowledge. He truly cares about helping the individuals.”

 **M.L., Gender Discrimination**

 **Mr. Mansell did a tremendous job walking me through the process**

“Mr. Mansell did a tremendous job walking me through the process – counseling
me – and making me feel comfortable about my deposition was great! Thanks
again!”

**R.W., Age Discrimination**

 **Extremely helpful, knowledgeable, and caring**

“Mr. Mansell helped not only me but my family in a time of need. He was
extremely helpful, knowledgeable, and caring. I was in an unfortunate
situation due to no fault of my own. Mr. Mansell was willing to go the extra
mile to help me with legal matters when I felt helpless. I would strongly
recommend him to anyone. Thank you Mr. Mansell.”

 **Mike D., Disabled Veteran, Disability Discrimination**

 **Strongly recommend him**

“Greg is an excellent employment attorney and I would strongly recommend him
to anyone, especially those closest to me. His assistance was essential to
gaining a quick approval in my recent Long Term Disability claim, due to the
extensive and complex medical background! A little over a year ago I had an
initial consultation with Greg to discuss an issue with my employer not
responding to my ADA requests. I was so impressed with his expertise,
confidence, and passion towards advocacy. There was no question who I was
going to hire for my upcoming LTD claim. Unfortunately, my health had
continued to decline over the year, and I was not the easiest nor most
reliable client. There were times when I was not reachable because I was sick
in bed for days at a time. In addition to this, I experienced many technical
problems and even created a filter accidentally blocking all of Greg’s emails
the week before my claim was due. Even though I was oblivious to the problem,
thus ignoring all of his emails, Greg rearranged his schedule to help me
ensure all of the paperwork was submitted in time! Many attorneys would not
have been as accommodating or as knowledgeable! I was shocked to learn that my
claim was approved during the initial review, and I’m confident that it would
not have been possible without Greg’s outstanding legal guidance!!”

 **Emaly Littlefield, Approval Of Long Term Disability Benefits**

 **He is simply amazing**

“I was very nervous about finding an attorney when I lost my job. After
searching for quite some time Mr. Mansell came to me highly recommended. From
the first time we met and throughout my case Greg kept me well informed. The
attorney-client communication was astonishing as he personally contacted me
with frequent updates. I felt like he was a personal friend and I was quite
comfortable during our various meetings. I felt like he personally cared about
my case and he fought for me. I always knew he was on my side and he never
backed down. He was very professional with the opposing parties and never gave
up. He won my case for me. I will always be grateful to him for changing my
life and winning the case. My life was in his hands as well as my career and
he came through for me. I would recommend him to everybody I know, he is
simply amazing.”

 **Denise V., Nurse Manager**

![NYC Employment Lawyer](https://www.newyorkcity-employmentlawyer.com/wp-
content/themes/mansell-2020/img/logos/main.png)

85 8th Ave, 6M, New York, NY 10011  Get Directions

  

646-921-8900

  *   *   *   * 

(C) 2020 - 2024 Mansell Law, LLC. All rights reserved.

  * Site Map
  * Disclaimer

ATTORNEY ADVERTISING

