Close Menu  * Home  * Call  * Email  * Search  * MenuThe Official Injury Attorneys of the Oakland Athletics. Venardi ZuradaThe Official Injury Attorneys of the San Francisco 49ers. Venardi ZuradaContact Us Today For a Free Consultation  Hablamos Espaol  (833) VZ FOR ME(833) 893-6763  * Home  * About Us    * Meet the Attorneys      * Mark Venardi      * Martin Zurada      * Terry Buller      * Mark Freeman      * Tony Venardi      * H. Larry Elam III      * Ryan Kraft    * Meet the Staff      * Shelley Venardi      * Unsook Zurada      * Christina Souza      * Noemi Gonzalez      * Tanya Castillo      * Brenda Vazquez      * Talytta Pinheiro      * Andrea Ramirez      * Desiree Barnes      * Estis Trampetti  * Personal Injury    * Accidents    * Animal & Dog Bites    * ATV Accidents    * Bicycle Accidents    * Boat Accidents    * Boat & Cruise Ship Accidents    * Birth Injuries    * Burn Injuries    * Car Accidents    * Construction Accidents    * Drowning    * E-Scooter Accidents    * FELA Railroad Worker Injuries    * Maritime Accidents    * Medical Malpractice    * Motorcycle Accidents    * Neglect & Abuse    * Nursing Home Injuries & Abuse    * Pedestrian Accidents    * Premises Liability    * Spinal Cord Injuries & Paralysis    * Toxic Torts    * Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI)    * Truck Accidents    * Wrongful Death  * Employment Law    * Wage & Hour    * Whistleblower    * Employment Contracts    * Employee Discrimination & Harassment    * Retaliation & Wrongful Termination  * Locations    * Oakland    * Walnut Creek  * FAQ Videos  * Reviews    * Testimonials    * Results  * In The News  * Blog  * Contact UsOakland Personal Injury Lawyers > Testimonials# Testimonials## Greg Ponte## Jason & Kelli D.## Halimah & Ray M.Share This Page:Personal InjuryAccidents+  * ATV Accidents  * Bicycle Accidents  * Boat Accidents  * Burn Injuries  * Car Accidents  * Motorcycle Accidents  * Construction Accidents  * Drowning  * FELA Railroad Worker Injuries  * Pedestrian Accidents  * Premises Liability  * Spinal Cord Injuries and Paralysis  * Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI)  * Truck Accidents  * Animal and Dog Bite  * Toxic TortsMedical Malpractice +  * Misdiagnosis  * Birth InjuriesWRONGFUL DEATHNEGLECT AND ABUSE INJURIES +  * Foster Home Abuse  * Nursing Home Injuries and AbuseMaritime Accidents +  * Cruise Ship Accidents  * Tug and Barge Injuries / Accidents  * Commercial Fisherman Injuries  * Seaman / Jones Act Injuries / AccidentsEmployment Law WAGE & HOUR+  * Misclassification  Exempt/Hourly  * Misclassification  Independent Contractor  * Overtime/Double Time  * Unpaid Hours  * Meal & Rest Break  * Pay Stub Violations  * Wage and Hour Record Keeping  * Class Action Wage & Hour Claims  * Retaliation for Complaints  * California Labor Commissioner ClaimsWHISTLE BLOWERWRONGFUL TERMINATIONEMPLOYEE DISCRIMINATION   & HARASSMENT +  * Sexual Harassment  * Age Discrimination  * Race or Color Discrimination  * Sexual Orientation/LGBT Discrimination  * National Origin Discrimination  * Pregnancy Discrimination  * Gender/Sex Discrimination  * Religious Harassment  * Weight Discrimination  * Disability DiscriminationEMPLOYMENT CONTRACTS$28+MillionSettlement$4.9Millionarbitration   award$4.8MillionSettlement$4.3MillionCORPORATE CASE   SETTLEMENT$3MillionMotorcycle   Accidents$3MillionBirthing   Malpractice$2.75MillionJury Verdict$2.7MillionBirthing   Malpractice$2.6MillionINSURANCE   SETTLEMENT$2.5MillionSettlement$2.35MillionToxic   Tort$2.3MillionTRIAL SETTLEMENT   award$2Millioncar   accident$2MillionTRAUMATIC BRAIN   injury$1.7MillionSettlement$1.5MillionWRONGFUL   TERMINATIONI am so grateful for everything that my lawyer, Terry Buller, and paralegal Christina Souza did to settle my personal injury case after I was hit by a car in...Read More\- Daryl G.Professional and showed great empathy in an otherwise horrible situation. Definitely recommend!\- Adrian R.If you are looking for a law firm that genuinely cares about you, the client - look no further! The staff at Venardi Zurada take the time to listen, empathize,...Read More\- Lex N.Finding super competent attorneys to help you fight the car insurance company or employer for your rights and win takes work. I have known Martin and Mark for many years,...Read More\- Artur U.Highly recommended for your legal services. Very professional and empathetic team. They ensured that accident injury case was resolved satisfactorily and we very courteous throughout the ordeal. In addition, they...Read More\- Chijioke J.My experience was a manageable one in a difficult situation. Martin Zurada and his associates were professional, thorough,and patient with me Communication was great and I would definitely recommend them.\- Patricia D.Attorney Tony Venardi and his Paralegal Christina Souza were great to work with following my auto accident. Tony was very attentive to my injury and needs, and Christina was excellent...Read More\- Daniel V.Terry, Mark, Andrea and Christina are an amazing team! It was reassuring knowing that they are fighting for your best interests. They are personable, professional and experienced. I have been very...Read More\- Russell W.A friend recommended Venardi-Zurada to me and I am so glad she did! Mark Venardi, Martin Zurada and Christina Souza were professional, supportive and used their expertise to reach the...Read More\- Laura P.Christina, Mark, Terry & Martin were amazing! It was such a seamless process working with them. I came to them looking for help with a bad car accident and they...Read More\- Kirk R.I am very grateful for the help I received from Venardi Zurada LLP, Oakland lawyers, especially the team, Terry, Martin, Tony, and Christina. Their service always exceeded my expectations. At...Read More\- Tina B.They are very informative and professional!\- Hai Doung S.Venardi Zurada law firm represented me in an employment case. My attorney was Martin Zurada. He is an amazing person and excellent lawyer! He handled my case with a lot...Read More\- Oksana C.Martin, Tony, Christina and the Venardi Zurada team are wonderful to work with. I am so grateful to them for listening to me and working to resolve my case. Martin...Read More\- Ally S.Incredible service. My injury occurred before the pandemic and then the pandemic hit and it was impossible to get a court date and that stalled things. These guys played every...Read More\- Jack D.When my wife was involved in a car 8 car accident we reach out to law office of Martin Zurada. With the help of Christina Souza and Martin, my wife...Read More\- Carlos M.My mom passed away in a horrible car accident back in June. I was distraught and overwhelmed, not knowing where to start. I decided to hire consult an attorney to...Read More\- Teresa P.The Venardi Zurada LLP handled my case very well ! Special thank you to Mark Freeman and Christina Souza for your excellent and professional work .\- Angie A.Couldn't be more pleased and happy to recommend the services of Terry Buller (attorney), an effective, caring, and responsive advocate, and Christina Souza (paralegal), who is extremely helpful, organized, and...Read More\- Linda H.I have done business with this firm for many years and I still refer friends and family whenever I have an injury or car accident I call Venardi Zurada, as...Read More\- Geraldine W.I highly recommend Martin Zurada as an attorney. He was referred to me by a family friend. I'm so happy she encouraged me to hire him. I was so pleased...Read More\- Anna W.Nobody likes dealing with the law after injury. However, I found Venardi Zurada firm to be well organized, they helped the process seem smooth and easy while I was recovering.\- Lloyd R.Vernardi Zurada fought for me and got me a very good settlement even though my case was difficult. From the first time I spoke with attorney Blair, I new I...Read More\- Kathy W.We were very happy with being represented by this law firm. Martin Zurada is very professional and knowledgeable and he has helped us before and we highly recomend him should...Read More\- Patricia P.I was recommended by a friend and I wasnt disappointed everyone was extremely helpful and so welcoming. They took me step by step and made sure I understood everything. I...Read More\- Alex G.I recently contacted Venardi Zuradi about a recent fall. I received an immediate response and was given extremely valuable information on what next steps to take. I was very impressed...Read More\- Penny E.Great team! I called to get information regarding my case, from the start they were very informative and sweet. They are a very well organized firm, and would recommend them...Read More\- Jennifer Z.Terry Buller handled my sons PI case and he did it with impeccable professionalism, knowledgeable and empathy. His assistant, Christine, was also a great source of knowledge, advice, and compassion...Read More\- Lisa C.I really appreciated Mark Freeman and Venardi Zurada LLP, they were great help and were very understanding of my predicament. Communication was always available and consistent and amicable. Mark is...Read More\- Ava B.They were very helpful and capable with my accident personal injury case! It was not an easy or entirely straightforward case. But I got a great settlement and am so...Read More\- Stephanie C.After a bad bike accident caused by an uncovered EBMUD access hole in the middle of the street I was referred by a friend of a friend to Terry Buller...Read More\- Shawn V.Both Mr. Zurada and Mr. Venardi are very experienced and highly-skilled in litigation, but more importantly, they treat their clients with the UTMOST respect and kindness. I cannot stress how...Read More\- Meghan B.Compassionate and empathetic support for their clients while working as a team in a professional, businesslike manner to reach a common goal.\- Christoph L.Mark is a thorough, skilled, and effective advocate for his clients. I never hesitate to refer matters to him because I know he'll do an excellent job.\- Robert B.I needed a reputable personal injury, firm to represent me against a very big corporation. I was injured by a careless employee who hit me with some equipment. I was...Read More\- Kimberly S.It is almost impossible to find a better Attorney than Mark. His professional approach, quick understanding of the issues, development of a sound strategy, meticulous preparation of petitions and presentation...Read More\- Yashpal S.I want to thank you for all your splendid work on my behalf and your kindness to my wife while I was laid up. I cant tell you what a...Read More\- Tim W.Martin and Mark are both great! From the beginning they ask all the right questions, they provide proper and timely information, they empathize with your concern and they dont rest...Read More\- Jimmy R.I met with Venardi Zurada regarding an issue with a previous employer, both attorneys sat down with me for a couple hours to discuss my potential case. I felt that...Read More\- W AThanks for being the barrier between me and the contentious bias on the other side of the slip and fall. Ive had a tough go of it and really appreciate...Read More\- SusanThey are real people. Caring, honest, up front and work hard and go out of their way to help you. I have recommended them several times.\- Diana K.I retained Mark after consulting him regarding issues I was experiencing with my employer. Marks advice was spot-on, and he was extremely generous with both his time and billing. More...Read More\- Chris C.Martin Zurada recently helped me navigate through a legal contract quickly. He is always prompt, on point, patient, professional, and kind. He is an exceptional lawyer.\- Jeanny M.Great lawyers. Methodical, analytical and persistant.\- Gareth L.My partner and I had an ugly disputen with an associate in a Fin Dis San Francisco restaurant. Fortunately for us we met Martin (Believe it or not though a...Read More\- Enrique U.Unparalleled legal representation as well as true customer service.\- Darci T.Martin Zurada is a phenomenal attorney with insight, experience and integrity. He delivered stellar results on a very complex case for us.\- Gilbert V.I had a consultation with Mr. Martin Zurada and not only he was generous with his time but also gave clear honest answers. Mr. Zurada is a trustworthy lawyer.\- Jessica A.Weve had a long and painful business litigation that lasted about 2 years and ended in our favor. If I had to go back and choose once again, it would...Read More\- Olga O.You have to provide service to people who are hurt, angry, and frustrated and I appreciate that you do it so graciously, and so professionally too.\- SusanGreat attorneys who work on your case with passion. Highly recommended.\- Ray S.I cant say enough about how impressed I was with Martin. Not only is he a highly experienced lawyer, but, he was always accessible and truly caring. If there is...Read More\- Harold H.I love this Group, they werent just my Attorneys they became my friends.\- Antionette R.I found Mr. Martin Zurada to be extremely qualified, knowledgeable and straight forward. He is always available to me and were quick to respond to my questions, whether by phone...Read More\- Amarnadh K.My wife and I needed a good attorney to help us in a personal injury case and Martin Zurada came highly recommended. We met with Martin and we felt very...Read More\- Mark N.Oakland1418 Lakeside Drive, Oakland, CA 94612  PH: 510-832-4295 PH: 510-832-4298 (Espaol)  FX: 510-832-4364Walnut Creek101 Ygnacio Valley Rd., Suite 100, Walnut Creek, CA 94596  PH: 833-893-6763 PH: 510-832-4298 (Espaol)  FX: 925-937-3905  *   *   *   *   * Site Map  * Disclaimer(C) 2020 - 2024 Venardi Zurada. All rights reserved.   This law firm website and legal marketing are managed by MileMark Media.