![Sapir Schragin LLP | An Employment Law Firm](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1600975/2020/05/logo.png)

Call Today, We Can Help  
914-328-0366

  * Home
  * Firm Overview
  * Attorneys
  * Contact
  * X Close

Contact

# New York Employment Law Attorneys Who Understand Both Sides.

  * For Employees
    * Employment Discrimination
    * Wage & Hour: Overtime, Misclassification and Individual and Class Actions
    * Separation Agreements, Restrictive Covenants and Employment Agreements
    * Sexual and Other Harassment
    * Medical Issues, Disability Discrimination and Family Medical Leave
    * Whistleblower and Retaliation Protection
  * For Employers
    * Policy and Procedure Manuals and Employee Handbooks
    * Employment Agreements
    * Restrictive Covenants/Non-Competes
    * Department of Labor and Wage and Hour Compliance
    * Employment Discrimination Defense

![](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1600975/2020/05/bg-banner.jpg)

During this difficult time, Sapir Schragin LLP remains open and committed to
servicing our clients. We are available for telephone and video conference
consultations and meetings, and remain committed to servicing the employment
law needs of employees and businesses throughout Westchester and the tri-state
area.

  * Home
  * Firm Overview
  * Attorneys
    * Donald L. Sapir
    * Howard Schragin
  * Events, Articles and Publications
  * Blog
  * Contact Us

  * For Employees
    * Employment Discrimination
    * Wage & Hour: Overtime, Misclassification and Individual and Class Actions
    * Separation Agreements, Restrictive Covenants and Employment Agreements
    * Sexual and Other Harassment
    * Medical Issues, Disability Discrimination and Family Medical Leave
    * Whistleblower and Retaliation Protection
  * For Employers
    * Policy and Procedure Manuals and Employee Handbooks
    * Employment Agreements
    * Restrictive Covenants/Non-Competes
    * Department of Labor and Wage and Hour Compliance
    * Employment Discrimination Defense

## Our Mission

Sapir Schragin is an employment law firm dedicated to providing the highest
quality representation for our clients to attain the best possible outcomes.
We offer a unique perspective and innovative legal strategies developed
through years representing employees and employers. We understand their
different employment law needs and use our knowledge, experience, and
perspective to help our clients effectively achieve their goals and resolve
their employment disputes and concerns.

## Employment Law Attorneys In White Plains

The partners at Sapir Schragin LLP, Donald L. Sapir and Howard Schragin, have
more than 50 years of combined experience representing employees and area
businesses in labor and employment law related matters. The breadth and depth
of our knowledge and experience includes handling all workplace issues that
arise under federal and New York State laws.

The prominence of our attorneys in the field of labor and employment law has
been recognized by our peers. Don Sapir, with more than 36 years of
experience, is the President of the prestigious College of Labor and
Employment Lawyers, is a past-Chair of the Labor & Employment Section of the
New York State Bar Association, is a past-Chair of the Labor & Employment
Committee of the Westchester County Bar Association and has been recognized as
one of the Top 25 Lawyers in Westchester County, one of the Best Lawyers in
America, and a New York SuperLawyer.

Howard Schragin, with 15 years of experience, has practiced at some of New
York's premier labor and employment law firms representing individuals,
employers and government agencies. The lawyers at Sapir Schragin know from
experience that clients benefit from our ability to analyze legal issues from
both sides to help clients achieve a favorable outcome to their matters.

## We Handle A Wide Range Of Employment Law Issues

Sapir Schragin LLP is an employment law firm that can handle every legal issue
that occurs in today's workplace, regardless of the type of employment or
business involved. There is no such thing as a "typical client" at Sapir
Schragin LLP. Our employee clients come from every walk of life, including
chief executive officers of major corporations, other management employees,
hourly wage earners, and everything in between.

Our employer clients are primarily area businesses that appreciate the
advantages and benefits of using lawyers who are experienced in representing
employers, but who also have represented employees and know how to obtain the
best possible outcome, as efficiently and as inexpensively as permitted by the
circumstances of the matter.

Using our knowledge and experience, we attempt to obtain a remedy for our
clients quickly and efficiently through negotiation, mediation and settlement,
but when a satisfactory resolution cannot be delivered to our clients through
such processes, we will assert the rights of our clients before administrative
agencies and in court and vigorously litigate on their behalf to obtain the
best possible remedy that can be provided to the full extent permitted by the
law.

## Our Offer To Employees And Employers Alike: How Can We Help?

Our clients are assured of receiving the highest quality legal services and
representation, because the lawyers at Sapir Schragin LLP concentrate on
handling only employment law related matters and have the distinct advantage
of having considered employment related issues from both sides, know how the
other side thinks, and can cut through the rhetoric to help clients achieve
their objectives.

If you believe you have been treated unfairly in your place of employment, we
invite you to call and tell us your story. If you have a case, our firm is one
of the most experienced and most successful employment law firms in the tri-
state area. The lawyers at our firm have helped thousands of clients just like
you, and we can help you.

## Contact Us To Schedule A Consultation

**Do you need help with a challenging employment law problem?** Call the
experienced employment lawyers at Sapir Schragin at 914-328-0366 or contact us
online.

## We Can Help You Contact Us Today

![Rated By Super Lawyers | Donald L. Sapir | SuperLawyers.com](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1600975/2020/05/sl-donald.png)

![Rated By Super Lawyers | Howard Schragin | SuperLawyers.com](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1600975/2020/05/sl-howard.png)

## Firm News

Sapir Schragin LLP has been ranked as Best Law Firm Tier 2 in Employment Law
Individuals in the White Plains metro area for 2017 by U.S. News & World
Report.

Partners Donald Sapir and Howard Schragin have been named to the 2016 Metro
New York Super Lawyers List for Employment and Labor Law

Partner Howard Schragin will be participating in a Webinar for the New York
State Bar Association Labor and Employment Law Section on December 1, 2016 at
12:00 – 1:00 p.m. on “Conducting Effective Employment Investigations.”

Howard Schragin will be participating on a panel review of recent Supreme
Court employment law decision at the NYSBA Labor and Employment Law Section
Fall Meeting in Washington D.C., September 23-24, 2016.

Howard Schragin will be a speaking at the Employment Law Institute on March
11, 2016 at the New York City Bar Association

## Office Locations

**Sapir Schragin LLP**  
399 Knollwood Road, Suite 310  
White Plains, NY 10603

### Phone:

914-328-0366

### Fax:

914-682-9128  
White Plains Office Location

![Sapir Schragin LLP | An Employment Law Firm](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1600975/2020/05/logo-footer.png)

914-328-0366

![Visa | MasterCard | American Express | Discover Network](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1600975/2020/05/credit-cards.png)

(C) 2024 Sapir Schragin LLP • All Rights Reserved

Disclaimer | Site Map | Privacy Policy | Business Development Solutions by
FindLaw, part of Thomson Reuters

