Skip to content

![](https://www.theblanchlawfirm.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/07/Blanch-Logo-
Header.png)

Search

__ Search

(212) 736-3900 Free Case Evaluation

  * Home
  * About Us
    * Case Results
    * Testimonials
    * Awards
    * Press
  * Our Team
    * The Attorneys
      * Ryan Blanch
      * Robert Pagan
      * Sumeet Sondhi
      * Marianna Drut
      * John Janiec
      * David Lurie
    * Our Staff
      * Deborah Pereira
  * Practice Areas
    * Criminal Defense
    * Securities Defense
    * FINRA Defense
    * Health Care Controversies
    * Government Investigations
    * Tax Controversies & Defense
    * 1983 Actions
    * Labor & Employment Disputes
    * Antitrust
    * Commercial Litigation
  * Contact Us
  * Blog

____ Menu

  * Home
  * About Us
    * Case Results
    * Testimonials
    * Awards
    * Press
  * Our Team
    * The Attorneys
      * Ryan Blanch
      * Robert Pagan
      * Sumeet Sondhi
      * Marianna Drut
      * John Janiec
      * David Lurie
    * Our Staff
      * Deborah Pereira
  * Practice Areas
    * Criminal Defense
    * Securities Defense
    * FINRA Defense
    * Health Care Controversies
    * Government Investigations
    * Tax Controversies & Defense
    * 1983 Actions
    * Labor & Employment Disputes
    * Antitrust
    * Commercial Litigation
  * Contact Us
  * Blog

![](https://www.theblanchlawfirm.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/07/Blanch-Logo-
Header.png)

![](https://www.theblanchlawfirm.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/07/Blanch-Logo-
Menu.png)

  * Home
  * About Us
    * Case Results
    * Testimonials
    * Awards
    * Press
  * Our Team
    * The Attorneys
      * Ryan Blanch
      * Robert Pagan
      * Sumeet Sondhi
      * Marianna Drut
      * John Janiec
      * David Lurie
    * Our Staff
      * Deborah Pereira
  * Practice Areas
    * Criminal Defense
    * Securities Defense
    * FINRA Defense
    * Health Care Controversies
    * Government Investigations
    * Tax Controversies & Defense
    * 1983 Actions
    * Labor & Employment Disputes
    * Antitrust
    * Commercial Litigation
  * Contact Us
  * Blog

  * Home
  * About Us
    * Case Results
    * Testimonials
    * Awards
    * Press
  * Our Team
    * The Attorneys
      * Ryan Blanch
      * Robert Pagan
      * Sumeet Sondhi
      * Marianna Drut
      * John Janiec
      * David Lurie
    * Our Staff
      * Deborah Pereira
  * Practice Areas
    * Criminal Defense
    * Securities Defense
    * FINRA Defense
    * Health Care Controversies
    * Government Investigations
    * Tax Controversies & Defense
    * 1983 Actions
    * Labor & Employment Disputes
    * Antitrust
    * Commercial Litigation
  * Contact Us
  * Blog

Search

__ Search

  * GET HELP NOW

  * __ CALL US NOW

## Testimonials

![The Blanch Law
Firm](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-8hepWJzFXpE/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/I80WzYfIxCQ/s64-c/114307615494839964028.jpg)

The Blanch Law Firm

4.3

![powered by Google](https://www.theblanchlawfirm.com/wp-
content/plugins/google-reviews-
business/static/img/powered_by_google_on_white.png)

![Rafael
Valadez](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-8hepWJzFXpE/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/I80WzYfIxCQ/s64-c/114307615494839964028.jpg)

Rafael Valadez

21:10 07 Nov 18

I met Elena at the Blanch Law Group some time back for my free consultation
and from the moment I shook her hand, I felt relief. She did 70 percent of the
listening and 30 percent of the speaking - of which was all a very thorough
explation of the legal process- honestly it was a bit of a therapy session for
me but it was imperative I received the important advice she had to offer. She
really took the time to listen to my entire scenario before providing any
advice. It was well over a 15 minute consultation and when I asked how much
would the consult cost, because it was over the 15 minutes? She said I owe her
nothing. Almost even refused. Elena, was professional, courteous and most of
all knowledgeable. She has my highest recommendation.read more

![Anonymous
DoctorMD](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-8hepWJzFXpE/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/I80WzYfIxCQ/s64-c/114307615494839964028.jpg)

Anonymous DoctorMD

21:46 01 Jan 19

All I can say is that The Blanch Law Firm's lawyers got me through the most
horrific chapter in my life and I am back on my feet writing this anonymously
to make sure my first and last run in with authorities stays private. My
experience with these wonderful lawyers started with a recommendation from a
colleague and a phone call to the firm. My first point of contact was Deborah
who calmed me down and asked me all the right questions before scheduling me
for a consultation with Mr. Blanch. Ryan met with me for over 2 hours and
really took a deep interest in my case. The next meeting was similar but with
the rest of the team where I brought documents at the firm's request to review
with the firm. From that first call with Deborah to the last meeting with the
firm where I was told it was finally over (no consequences) everyone seemed to
care about the me and the process. If you ever have the misfortune to find
yourself in need of a criminal defense attorney, I highly recommend The Blanch
Law Firm. If I could give 6 stars I would. Great people great law firm.read
more

![John
Smith](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-8hepWJzFXpE/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/I80WzYfIxCQ/s64-c/114307615494839964028.jpg)

John Smith

02:44 29 Nov 18

Terrific job by all of you. My highest accolades to the best criminal lawyers.

![Mattias
Andersson](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-8hepWJzFXpE/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/I80WzYfIxCQ/s64-c/114307615494839964028.jpg)

Mattias Andersson

17:13 08 Feb 19

They did all they could to defend my rights. As far as the criminal justice
system is concerned, I've learned that there really is a difference between
great lawyers and bad lawyers. They are on the list as the great ones. They
just wouldn't stop until they finally got me what I wanted. Determined,
focused, and talented. If you are ever unfortunate enough to need a criminal
lawyer, go see the Blanch Law Firm.read more

![Anonymous
User](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-8hepWJzFXpE/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/I80WzYfIxCQ/s64-c/114307615494839964028.jpg)

Anonymous User

19:40 17 May 18

I hired Ryan Blanch and his law firm to handle a serious, time-sensitive legal
matter. Ryan and his team of expert litigators worked tirelessly to ensure
that my matter be resolved successfully and within the short time frame that
was available to us. Ultimately, due to Ryan's tremendous efforts, we obtained
a successful outcome ahead of schedule. I fully recommend Ryan's services to
any prospective client.read more

![Sofia
Caron](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-8hepWJzFXpE/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/I80WzYfIxCQ/s64-c/114307615494839964028.jpg)

Sofia Caron

19:51 15 Mar 19

Smart, Powerful and Caring. Shrewd, honest and no b.s. A force in the
courthouse and a godsend to their clients. You can’t go wrong with this firm.
Amazing attorneys. I know. I hired them.read more

![Victor
Jessen](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-8hepWJzFXpE/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/I80WzYfIxCQ/s64-c/114307615494839964028.jpg)

Victor Jessen

19:12 15 Mar 19

Has to be the Greatest criminal lawyer in the U.S. And the best hiring
decision you can make. Blanch and co literally obliterated my problems. I was
facing fed indictment for some investment disclosures (not my fault) made by a
partner. Problem solved. Ryan Blanch and Firm are Great, great, great. Worked
like beasts to get justice done! Guaranteed not to regret retaining BLANCH
LAW.read more

![Grant
Shield](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-8hepWJzFXpE/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/I80WzYfIxCQ/s64-c/114307615494839964028.jpg)

Grant Shield

03:56 09 Apr 19

Believe it or not, the Blanch Law Firm was the 11th law firm we interviewed
before deciding who to hire for my company's criminal enforcement issue. We
had received a subpoena from the authorities and our employees and clients
were being questioned by FBI agents. My partners and I saw several criminal
lawyers before deciding on Blanc Law. We went through our situation with them
in detail and they asked all the right questions and seemed to cover more
ground than in any other interview. After we hired them, that process only got
wider. They reviewed much more than the government did and made smart
decisions about what to turn over and how to do it. Needless to say we came
out without a scratch.read more

![Jake
Johnson](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-8hepWJzFXpE/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/I80WzYfIxCQ/s64-c/114307615494839964028.jpg)

Jake Johnson

17:03 09 May 19

Dear Mr. Blanch, Me and my partner just want to thank you for your caring and
hard work ever since recent unfortunate events turned our lives upside down in
2017. We are better now. You all there helped us pull through and turn a
possible tragedy into a miracle. We are starting over with a clean slate and a
new lease on life! As you know, your firm came highly recommended from
colleagues so our expectations were set high from the get go. I’m pretty sure
neither of us will be looking for criminal attorneys again in our lives. But
we will always remember how you saved us. Thank you from the bottom of both of
our hearts. You exceeded every high expectation set by our friends who
recommended you in the first place!read more

![Trevor
Brown](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-8hepWJzFXpE/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/I80WzYfIxCQ/s64-c/114307615494839964028.jpg)

Trevor Brown

12:54 05 Jun 19

Yes, he is phenomenal! I contacted Mr.Blanch a few years back regarding a case
against me and he provided free consultation. Afterwards, I retained him (he
said it wasn’t necessary to do so) with a reasonable fee that we both agreed
on for legal actions and precautions that I insisted of taking. He right away
jumped into the matter and got me the relief I needed. Unfortunately, the Feds
do not want to let go and still chasing my tail over perception. Meanwhile
Mr.Blanch and I had been keeping contact, he had never ignored me. Recently he
took his time and provided another meeting that was HOURS long, skipping his
lunch when it was delivered and such. Not only he did not charge me anything
for his time, he sat down, analyzed and got to the bottom of many things. I
commend his patience and skills. He knows his stuff, he is a very
knowledgeable lawyer.read more

![Jake
Johnson](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-8hepWJzFXpE/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/I80WzYfIxCQ/s64-c/114307615494839964028.jpg)

Jake Johnson

17:03 09 May 19

Dear Mr. Blanch,Me and my partner just want to thank you for your caring and
hard work ever since recent unfortunate events turned our lives upside down in
2017. We are better now. You all there helped us pull through and turn a
possible tragedy into a miracle. We are starting over with a clean slate and a
new lease on life! As you know, your firm came highly recommended from
colleagues so our expectations were set high from the get go. I’m pretty sure
neither of us will be looking for criminal attorneys again in our lives. But
we will always remember how you saved us.Thank you from the bottom of both of
our hearts. You exceeded every high expectation set by our friends who
recommended you in the first place!read more

![Claudel
Auguste](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-8hepWJzFXpE/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/I80WzYfIxCQ/s64-c/114307615494839964028.jpg)

Claudel Auguste

21:53 09 Nov 19

This law firm is professional and serious about there work.

![Ray
Bee](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-8hepWJzFXpE/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/I80WzYfIxCQ/s64-c/114307615494839964028.jpg)

Ray Bee

19:12 13 Nov 19

Always treated me like their most important client. Never quit trying to find
a way. Until they found it. They really cared and it worked. To me, they're
the best firm around.read more

![Sammy
Fan](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-8hepWJzFXpE/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/I80WzYfIxCQ/s64-c/114307615494839964028.jpg)

Sammy Fan

18:15 23 Nov 19

Never had I needed this kind of help. It was not for me but a family member.
We hired them and paid their fee because that’s the kind of family we are. I
didn’t know what to expect and to be honest I have a hard time trusting
lawyers. They earned our trust, our respect and our thanks.read more

![Altagracia
S](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-8hepWJzFXpE/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/I80WzYfIxCQ/s64-c/114307615494839964028.jpg)

Altagracia S

02:21 06 Dec 19

OMG, OMG, OMG. My new favorite lawyers. The Blanch Firm changed my auntie’s
life and gave her a new start.

![Analise
J](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-8hepWJzFXpE/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/I80WzYfIxCQ/s64-c/114307615494839964028.jpg)

Analise J

13:24 07 Jan 20

Mr. Blanch is compassionate toward his clients and dedicated to his work. My
case wasn’t an easy one and I’m not the easiest client. They met my high
expectations and then exceeded them in results.highest recommendation.read
more

![David
B](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-8hepWJzFXpE/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/I80WzYfIxCQ/s64-c/114307615494839964028.jpg)

David B

01:06 20 Feb 20

Take it from me. I’ve tried more than a couple of criminal lawyers and Ryan
Blanch is great. A genuinely nice, professional, smart lawyer who thinks of
creative ways to solve problems. He’s big on brainstorming with his people and
includes you in the process. I felt like I was part of the team. And the
result was pure magic. No one else I’d hired would ever have thought of what
the Blanch lawyers did to win my case.read more

![Maria May Dela
Cruz](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-8hepWJzFXpE/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/I80WzYfIxCQ/s64-c/114307615494839964028.jpg)

Maria May Dela Cruz

00:40 28 Jul 20

I just got of the phone with Debra one of the case managers of the law firm
and she was very helpful and informative. The law firm is very professional
and responsive. They patiently listened to our case and Debra provided me with
alternatives to our case and gave me useful information on filing complaints
to the BBB and the Consumer Complaint Bureau. They are a firm you would want
to work with because they have patient and helpful people who are genuinely
willing to help. Thank you for the assistance!read more

![Roger
Seneca](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-8hepWJzFXpE/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/I80WzYfIxCQ/s64-c/114307615494839964028.jpg)

Roger Seneca

07:23 15 Oct 18

It was my fantastic experience with Madison. I recommended by anyone lawyer on
Long Island, He was professional, knowledgeable,friendly, efficient and
reasonable in terms of her closing costs.Thank You!!read more

![Kristina
Subbotina](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-8hepWJzFXpE/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/I80WzYfIxCQ/s64-c/114307615494839964028.jpg)

Kristina Subbotina

00:02 07 Mar 20

Update to my previous review: Ryan called me and apologized, apologies
accepted, hope he will fix issues with his staff soon. His consultation was
helpful after all.read more

![Larry
Cullari](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-8hepWJzFXpE/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/I80WzYfIxCQ/s64-c/114307615494839964028.jpg)

Larry Cullari

04:33 27 Oct 18

Ryan is a great salesman. Obviously ensuring his SEO places his Google search
at the top of the list, Re: white collar crimes, etc. His retainer is
astronomical in comparison to his service. You’ll most likely never interact
with him after the initial consultation. Sure, a Madison Ave attorney charging
$600/hour may make you feel that you’ll get what you pay for. Hire someone
from Harvard. Or Yale. Or some other notable law school, rather than some
obscure Methodist institution. He’s too young. Too uncaring. All sizzle. No
steak. Buyer beware.read more

![Kristina
Subbotina](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-8hepWJzFXpE/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/I80WzYfIxCQ/s64-c/114307615494839964028.jpg)

Kristina Subbotina

17:40 04 Mar 20

I hired them for a consultation and then requested W-9 form for my tax return.
W-9 form is a standard request when you pay to your service provider/ lawyer
above $600. They first did not understand what it is, then I sent them an
example and explained everything in plain English, it took 3 days (!) to fill
out 5 lines of text. Deborah Pereira was very unprofessional, not
knowledgeable and rude. For example, she claimed that W-9 is confidential and
refused to send it to me directly, only to my accountant. As an attorney
myself, I understand that Deborah is not an attorney and may not know that W-9
containing an entity's EIN is NOT confidential, but it's her job to at least
google before saying nonsense. In addition, she was rude during the phone
call, kept interrupting and was using inappropriate tone. Again, I understand
she is not an attorney and may not know about ethical obligations to treat
clients with respect and consideration, but it's her job to know it because
she represents a law firm. And it's the job of the firm's managing partner to
supervise the firm's staff.In comparison, another law firm I hired took
exactly 5 min to send W-9. If Blanch law firm cannot do such simple things in
a professional and prompt manner, I would not trust them to do anything
else.read more

![Gershon Bai-
Lama](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-8hepWJzFXpE/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/I80WzYfIxCQ/s64-c/114307615494839964028.jpg)

Gershon Bai-Lama

21:14 26 Aug 22

The organization booked this Law Firm and we initially spoke to Deb, but not
Ryan. We made a $5000 retainer but never got any updates from the alleged Law
Firm. We are not sure if they are in fact legit and we have lunched an
investigation.read more

Next Reviews

![Rafael
Valadez](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-8hepWJzFXpE/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/I80WzYfIxCQ/s64-c/114307615494839964028.jpg)

Rafael Valadez

21:10 07 Nov 18

I met Elena at the Blanch Law Group some time back for my free consultation
and from the moment I shook her hand, I felt relief. She did 70 percent of the
listening and 30 percent of the speaking - of which was all a very thorough
explation of the legal process- honestly it was a bit of a therapy session for
me but it was imperative I received the important advice she had to offer. She
really took the time to listen to my entire scenario before providing any
advice. It was well over a 15 minute consultation and when I asked how much
would the consult cost, because it was over the 15 minutes? She said I owe her
nothing. Almost even refused. Elena, was professional, courteous and most of
all knowledgeable. She has my highest recommendation.read more

![Anonymous
DoctorMD](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-8hepWJzFXpE/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/I80WzYfIxCQ/s64-c/114307615494839964028.jpg)

Anonymous DoctorMD

21:46 01 Jan 19

All I can say is that The Blanch Law Firm's lawyers got me through the most
horrific chapter in my life and I am back on my feet writing this anonymously
to make sure my first and last run in with authorities stays private. My
experience with these wonderful lawyers started with a recommendation from a
colleague and a phone call to the firm. My first point of contact was Deborah
who calmed me down and asked me all the right questions before scheduling me
for a consultation with Mr. Blanch. Ryan met with me for over 2 hours and
really took a deep interest in my case. The next meeting was similar but with
the rest of the team where I brought documents at the firm's request to review
with the firm. From that first call with Deborah to the last meeting with the
firm where I was told it was finally over (no consequences) everyone seemed to
care about the me and the process. If you ever have the misfortune to find
yourself in need of a criminal defense attorney, I highly recommend The Blanch
Law Firm. If I could give 6 stars I would. Great people great law firm.read
more

![John
Smith](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-8hepWJzFXpE/AAAAAAAAAAI/AAAAAAAAAAA/I80WzYfIxCQ/s64-c/114307615494839964028.jpg)

John Smith

02:44 29 Nov 18

Terrific job by all of you. My highest accolades to the best criminal lawyers.

  
Click to write a review for our firm

### See What Our Clients Are Saying About Us

“Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. You saved my son’s life.”  
- B.D.

“I would like to thank you for your great job in getting my case finalized.
Your professionalism is greatly appreciated. Please be assured that you and
your firm will be recommended to my friends, family and associates.”  
- D.L.

“The attorneys at the Blanch Law Firm are outstanding. They were totally
dedicated to my case, and were willing to work all hours of the day and night,
including over holidays in one instance, to ensure the best possible outcome.
They’re experienced, skillful and extremely well connected to the legal
system. Bottom line, they get the job done.”  
-R.M.

“Great Firm! The firm was always professional and personable and understanding
to our needs. They thouroughly understood the law and the court system. They
got the best results for us.”  
- D.B.

“They are great lawyers, I think my attorneys were the best. They were like my
family. They represent their clients with respect. I recommend the Blanch Law
Firm to everyone.”  
- I.J.

"I went in spoke with Mr Blanch he was honest and open. He could have taken
advantage of us but instead sat and spoke with us for over an hour and really
put us at ease. If i ever do need a lawyer I will absolutely hire Mr Blanch."  
-Fernando Cabral

"Had a federal felony case and consulted with a few different lawyers. These
guys are outstanding. They were totally dedicated to my case, and were willing
to work all hours of the day and night, including over holidays in one
instance, to ensure the best possible outcome. They’re experienced, skillful
and extremely well connected to the legal system.

Bottom line, they get the job done!"  
-Kate Field

" I had a serious problem recently and after some research and recommendations
I chose Ryan Blanch. From our first meeting he took a great deal of time with
me. We went through a mini biography of my life and he learned many things
about me which could have led to the problem I encountered. It was not a small
problem. I was arrested by the FBI for something that to some may have looked
like I could have been involved, when in reality I was not involved at all.
Now facing a minimum of 5 years in a federal prison how can I prove this? Ryan
and his team including Richard Langweber were in constant communication with
me and the US Attorneys office. My calls were always returned and they took a
real interest in my case. They have so many knowledgeable partners who all
work on your case together so it is a team effort. The final outcome was a
full dismissal. It was the best news I have ever received. Such a sigh of
relief came over me. And I have Ryan, Richard and the Blanch Law Firm to
thank. No, they were not cheap, but for the services rendered they were quite
a bargain. You wouldn't look for a cheap brain surgeon. If you are talking
about a speeding ticket maybe you can "go cheap" and gamble on the outcome,
but if you are facing hard time and value your life like I do mine, it is an
"investment in freedom". I will be forever grateful to them and will easily
recommend them to anyone in a similar circumstance.  
-D Man

"I got a deal that I don’t think anyone else would ever get. The firm is
helping me with other matters, it’s an ongoing relationship. I would
definitely recommend The Blanch Law Firm to anyone who needs help. You guys
are the best!"  
- R.C.

"I am so happy that I found the Blanch Law Firm, Mr Ryan is well known in
America and helped me resolve my problem at the best way! He is trustworthy
and I recommend anybody who has a difficult situation come to his firm!!!!!"  
-Ksenia Ksu

"I highly recommend this firm! Going through a legal problem choosing a good
lawyer is crucial. And I chose the best one, I chose Branch Law Firm. They
helped me through the whole process, they were always by my side and fought
very hard in my case until helping walk out as a free man. I never felt as
their client, but as their friend."  
-Eguez Home Improvement

Had a brief meeting with Mr. Blanch today in regards to a federal case my
father is involved in unfortunately and as nervous as I was he was very
informative and put me sort of at ease about my fathers situation. Sadly I
will not be able to afford him but he definitely is worth the money if you
have it. He deserved an excellent review just off of a free consultation with
him. If you are looking for a wickedly smart educated and knows what he is
talking about not out to get you for your money he is the best recommended
lawyer out there. A very kind secretary as well."  
-Sophya

I received an extremely alarming phone call, threatening immediate arrest and
incarceration without remedy, for delinquent taxes about which I had no
knowledge. I was referred to Ryan Blanch to clarify my options, and he
immediately took action. Sensing a scam, he contacted the original caller and
sussed the situation out in a minute, whereupon he assured me there was no
cause for alarm -- and charged me nothing!! He is deeply intelligent,
professional and humane. Thank You!"  
-Dorothy

I got a deal that I don’t think anyone else would ever get. The firm is
helping me with other matters, it’s an ongoing relationship. I would
definitely recommend The Blanch Law Firm to anyone who needs help. You guys
are the best!"  
-R.C.

My first time hiring a criminal lawyer…interviewed several….I was sold on Ryan
Blanch. My first meeting with Ryan was over two hours…he immediately put me at
ease. Ryan is professional and intelligent, but more importantly he is honest
and caring. He told me he would handle everything….and he did. He aggressively
gathered information and was able to determine that I would not face criminal
charges. I am now dealing with a Government Agency regarding my problem. Ryan
has provided advice and guidance on how to proceed….and he is only a phone
call away. You won't find a better lawyer. The Blanch Law Firm/Ryan Blanch is
The Best of The Best !!!"  
-Vincent

Amazing law firm with lawyers that really work together well. The head
attorney is Mr. Blanch and he always finds great lawyers and staff that work
hard to put together evidence and filings that fight the case at every step. A
very well run firm where everyone there knows your case and works together to
make sure the papers are top notch and that the case and client gets a lot of
time and attention. Mr .Blanch is a presence in the courtroom and not afraid
to put the prosecutors through their paces in front of the judge. You can't go
wrong with this firm."  
-Sara

I had a serious problem recently and after some research and recommendations I
chose Ryan Blanch. From our first meeting he took a great deal of time with
me. We went through a mini biography of my life and he learned many things
about me which could have led to the problem I encountered. It was not a small
problem. I was arrested by the FBI for something that to some may have looked
like I could have been involved, when in reality I was not involved at all.
Now facing a minimum of 5 years in a federal prison how can I prove this? Ryan
and his people were in constant communication with me and the US Attorneys
office. My calls were always returned and they took a real interest in my
case. They have so many knowledgeable partners who all work on your case
together so it is a team effort. The final outcome was a full dismissal. It
was the best news I have ever received. Such a sigh of relief came over me.
And I have Ryan, Richard and the Blanch Law Firm to thank. No, they were not
cheap, but for the services rendered they were quite a bargain. You wouldn't
look for a cheap brain surgeon. If you are talking about a speeding ticket
maybe you can "go cheap" and gamble on the outcome, but if you are facing hard
time and value your life like I do mine, it is an "investment in freedom". I
will be forever grateful to them and will easily recommend them to anyone in a
similar circumstance."  
-Dman

Ryan was just great. I was probably the most nervous and annoying client he's
ever had. I called often and bugged everyone over there but this is my life,
right? Ryan was always responsive when it mattered most. He would go over the
tax filings, other evidence and numbers with two others from his firm and me
for a good deal of time in their library. They all asked really intelligent
questions until they understood my life and case better than I ever did and
for sure better than the IRS.

I only gave him an A-minus (see above) for responsiveness because I didn't get
the fastest weekend response time although I had everyone's cell phone numbers
and dialed them often so I may have worn them out with worrisome sunday calls
about my anxiety. When it mattered they were always quick to pick up on
weekends or call back and I could tell that they were really getting into my
case and putting real thought into it,

I can't compare this to any other lawyer experience because I never had to
hire one before, except for real estate closings and contracts which are no
comparison to this.

This was a terrifying time in my life. Ryan Blanch helped me dodge a major
bullet. He's charismatic and engaging in the way he goes through the facts. I
shutter to think of what could have happened with someone else.

He told me that the one thing he would always do is give me no nonsense,
straight advice and facts, even if I wouldn't always like what he had to say.
Sometimes I didn't. But that he would never give up on me, never push me into
a plea deal and would always keep trying so it would be my choice what to do.
He kept his promise. No deal necessary, thank god.

Great firm led by a great guy. I would recommend them for anyone with
something complex and potentially life altering. But, warning, they were on
the expensive side. Worth it though if your deal is a big deal to you."  
-Nadia

Ryan, Betsy, Brad, Emel, Edyta . . . everyone there. I cannot thank you or
recommend you highly enough. You pushed me to keep going, to put my faith in
you and I did. Your clients are lucky to have you. My lawyer before just kept
showing up in court and never had an update for me. It's true what you told
me, that I would become part of the team. I appreciated the frequent
invitations for face to face visits in your office, rather than the frantic
meeting I used to have with my lawyer in court. I could see how much you cared
by how hard you were working. And, as you know, it paid off. I can go on with
my life now. I thank you. My wife and children thank you."  
-anonymous

Was woken up by the F.B.I. at 5am on a morning that I will never forget. Found
myself in need of an attorney and after researching long and hard I chose the
Blanch Law Firm. Facing Federal criminal charges and possible jail time for
something I was innocent of, I needed an experienced and diligent attorney
with a great track record. Ryan Blanch was that attorney. He and his legal
team which included Richard Langweber were meticulous and very detail
oriented. Their team includes attorneys and other professionals with
experience in all facets of law and even more specifically, criminal law. I
never felt alone with Ryan and his team behind me and always accessible for
any of my concerns. The result of all of their hard work was an extremely
favorable result. Thanks to Blanch Law Firm I will continue to be a free man!
I wasn't willing to take a chance with a second rate attorney. In my business
I retain attorneys for many different things. Ryan is by far one of the most
ethical, compassionate and professional attorneys I have met. I would easily
recommend him and his firm."  
-Paul

![](https://www.theblanchlawfirm.com/wp-
content/uploads/2018/09/AVVO-10-Criminal-Defense-Ryan-Blanch.png)

![](https://www.theblanchlawfirm.com/wp-
content/uploads/2018/07/Avvo_ClientsChoice_Award.png)

![](https://www.theblanchlawfirm.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/06/super-
lawyers.png)

![](https://www.theblanchlawfirm.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/09/Americas-
Top-100-Attorneys.png)

![](https://www.theblanchlawfirm.com/wp-
content/uploads/2018/09/lawyersofdis.png)

![](https://www.theblanchlawfirm.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/06/top-100-trial-
lawyers.png)

![](https://www.theblanchlawfirm.com/wp-
content/uploads/2018/09/NADC_logo_200.png)

![](https://www.theblanchlawfirm.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/07/AV-Rated-
Badge.png)

Contact Us

Name

Phone

Email

City

State

Tell Us About Your Case

Select your case status

__

Select your case status. I am currently: Under Investigation  I am currently:
Arrested  I am currently: Unsure

Select your preferred meeting time.

__

Select your preferred meeting time. Morning Afternoon Evening

Select your preferred meeting date.

Submit Request

![](https://www.theblanchlawfirm.com/wp-
content/uploads/2018/09/AVVO-10-Criminal-Defense-Ryan-Blanch.png)

![](https://www.theblanchlawfirm.com/wp-
content/uploads/2018/07/Avvo_ClientsChoice_Award.png)

![](https://www.theblanchlawfirm.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/06/super-
lawyers.png)

![](https://www.theblanchlawfirm.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/09/Americas-
Top-100-Attorneys.png)

![](https://www.theblanchlawfirm.com/wp-
content/uploads/2018/09/lawyersofdis.png)

![](https://www.theblanchlawfirm.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/06/top-100-trial-
lawyers.png)

![](https://www.theblanchlawfirm.com/wp-
content/uploads/2018/09/NADC_logo_200.png)

![](https://www.theblanchlawfirm.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/07/AV-Rated-
Badge.png)

__

## Social

Follow along on social media.

Facebook-f __ Linkedin-in __ Twitter __

## Contact

420 Lexington Avenue Suite 1402 POB 1057 New York, NY 10170

Contact Now

Phone: 212-736-3900

Attorney Advertising - Disclaimer

## © All Rights Reserved. The Blanch Law Firm

