Skip navigation.

Keefe Law Firm

  * __MENU
  * __Call
  * __Email
  * __Location

Call Now

(866) 575-5000

  * HOME
  * About
  * Practice Areas
    * Arbitration and Mediation
    * Business Formation
    * Consumer Fraud & Class Action
      * New Jersey Car Repossession
      * Broker Misconduct & Investment Fraud
    * Criminal Defense
    * Defective Products & Medical Devices
      * Defective Medical Devices
    * Employment Law
      * Workplace Rights
      * Workplace Investigations
      * Title IX Investigations
    * Mass Tort
      * AFFF Firefighting Foam Lawsuit
      * Allergan Breast Implant Lawsuit
      * Zantac Lawsuits
    * Mesothelioma and Asbestos
    * Motor Vehicle Accidents
    * Municipal Court/Traffic Violations
    * Nursing Home Abuse & Neglect
    * Personal Injury
    * Premises Liability
    * Real Estate
    * Sexual Abuse
    * Wage and Hour
    * Wills, Trusts & Estates
    * Workplace Injury
  * Attorneys
    * John E. Keefe, Jr.
    * Stephen T. Sullivan, Jr.
    * John Keefe, Sr.
    * Paul DiGiorgio
    * Dennis R. O'Brien
  * Settlements
  * News
  * Blog
  * Contact
  * Documents

Search for:

Home Â» Practice Areas

# Keefe Law Firm: Practice Areas

## New Jersey Full-Service Law Firm Offering Individualized Service Nationwide

The seasoned lawyers at Keefe Law Firm fight for the legal rights of
individuals in New Jersey and nationwide. Whatever legal matter brings you to
our door, our attorneys possess the experience and skill to get the settlement
you deserve. We have obtained multi-million dollar verdicts and settlements
for injury victims and we have also represented plaintiffs in landmark injury
and consumer fraud cases. However, while we are known for securing high
settlements and taking on complex cases, we are always committed to providing
the personalized service you desire and deserve.

If you have been injured, defrauded, or are otherwise in need of skilled legal
representation, contact our lawyers right away. Our New Jersey offices are
conveniently located in Essex County, Monmouth County, Ocean County and Hudson
County in the towns of Newark, Red Bank, and Point Pleasant. Contact Keefe Law
Firm to schedule a free consultation today.

### Keefe Law Firm Practice Areas:

### Arbitration and Mediation

### Business Formation

### Catastrophic Injury

  * Electrocution, Explosions and Burn Injuries
  * Spinal Cord Injuries and Paralysis
  * Traumatic Brain Injury
  * Wrongful Death

### Consumer Fraud and Class Action

  * AFFF (Firefighting Foam) Exposure
  * Allergan Breast Implant Recall Lawsuit
  * Broker Misconduct & Investment Fraud
  * New Jersey Car Repossession

### Criminal Defense

### Defective Products

  * Defective Medical Devices
  * Essure Contraception Device
  * IVC Filter Defects
  * Motorcycle Defect Liability

### Employment Law

### Food Poisoning

### Mesothelioma & Asbestos

  * Asbestos Exposure
  * Industrial Asbestos Exposure
  * Legal Process of a Mesothelioma Lawsuit
  * Mesothelioma Coping Strategies
  * Mesothelioma FAQs
  * Mesothelioma Risk Factors
  * Mesothelioma Symptoms and Diagnosis
  * Mesothelioma Treatment Centers
  * Products Containing Asbestos

### Motor Vehicle Accidents

  * Automobile Accidents
  * Aviation Accidents
  * Bicycle Accidents
  * Boating and Ferry Accidents
  * Drunk Driving Accidents
  * Motorcycle Accidents
  * Pedestrian Accidents
  * Railroad Accidents
  * Trucking Accidents

### Municipal Court / Traffic Violation

### Nursing Home Abuse & Neglect

### Personal Injury

### Premises Liability

  * Dog Bites and Animal Attacks
  * Slip and Fall Accidents

### Real Estate

### Sexual Abuse

### Wage & Hour

### Wills, Trusts & Estates

### Workplace Injuries

  * Construction Accidents
  * Occupational Exposures
  * Scaffolding and Ladder Accidents
  * Trench and Excavation Accidents
  * Workers' Compensation

### Referral Partner Program

#### Contact Us Now

  * First Name*

  * Last Name*

  * Phone*

  * Email*

  * How can we help you?*

  * *

    * I have read and agree to the Privacy Policy. *

  * Email

This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

#### Practice Areas

  * Arbitration and Mediation
  * Business Formation
  * Catastrophic Injury
  * Consumer Fraud & Class Action
    * AFFF (Firefighting Foam) Exposure
    * Broker Misconduct & Investment Fraud
    * New Jersey Car Repossession
  * Defective Products
  * Employment Law
  * Food Poisoning
  * Mesothelioma & Asbestos
  * Motor Vehicle Accidents
  * Municipal Court and Traffic Violations
  * Nursing Home Abuse & Neglect
  * Personal Injury
  * Premises Liability
  * Real Estate
  * Sexual Abuse
  * Wage and Hour Law
  * Wills, Trusts & Estates
  * Workplace Injury

![Call Keefe Law Firm](https://johnkeefelaw.com/wp-content/themes/keefe-
responsive/images/phone-icon.svg)

Call Today (866) 575-5000

Connect with us:

![Link to YouTube](https://johnkeefelaw.com/wp-content/themes/keefe-
responsive/images/youtube.svg) ![Link to Linked
In](https://johnkeefelaw.com/wp-content/themes/keefe-
responsive/images/linkedin.svg) ![Link to
Twitter](https://johnkeefelaw.com/wp-content/themes/keefe-
responsive/images/twitter.svg) ![Link to
Facebook](https://johnkeefelaw.com/wp-content/themes/keefe-
responsive/images/facebook.svg)

![Keefe Law](http://johnkeefelaw.wpengine.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/03/keefelawlogo.png)

  * Free Consultation
  * Privacy Policy
  * Disclaimer
  * Sitemap

Notice: Keefe Law Firm has joined the law firm of Wilentz, Goldman & Spitzer,
P.A.. Our team remains at the Red Bank and Newark office locations, and will
continue to provide the professional service that our clients have come to
expect with an expanded platform of services and support. This site is being
maintained and updated for informational purposes. For more information, click
here.

**Red Bank**  
125 Half Mile Road  
Suite 100  
Red Bank, NJ 07701  
(732) 224-9400  
Fax: (732) 224-9494  
Click here for directions

**Newark**  
76 Ferry Street  
Newark, NJ 07105  
(973) 274-0408  
Fax: (973) 274-0409  
Click here for directions

**Woodbridge**  
90 Woodbridge Center Drive, Suite 900  
Woodbridge, NJ 07095  
(732) 224-9400  
Fax: (732) 224-9494  
Click here for directions

Attorney Advertising: Nothing herein shall be considered legal advice nor
shall establish any attorney-client relationship with this law firm or its
attorneys. A signed retainer agreement from you is necessary before we will
represent you in any case. All cases are different and past successes are no
guarantee of a future recovery.

(C) 2016-2024 Keefe Law Firm

