top of page

  * Home

  * About

  * Practice Areas

  * Our Team

  * Contact

  * FAQ

  * More

Use tab to navigate through the menu items.

# Where listening, expertise, and compassion drive guidance.  
\- We have your back -

Let's face it, jobs can be stressful. Managing your career through the
plethora of personalities of your bosses and co-workers, the rules of the
company, and your company's 'culture,' is not an easy task. A job change--even
if initiated by you--can be confusing, surprising, and sometimes devastating.
Mental health experts often equate a job loss or major career change to a
divorce, where feelings of anger, grief, loss, competency and low self-worth
are often evoked.



We at ARW are here to help you navigate your employment situation.

We listen; we tell you what your legal rights are; and, most important, we
develop a practical strategy to best assist with your particular situation.
Working through job issues is a process, and it is our role to be right by
your side and assist you with any questions and issues that arise, as well as
a solution.

CONTACT US

VIEW PRACTICE AREAS

MEET OUR TEAM

## OUR FIRM

The law firm of Abrahamson Rdzanek & Wilkins, LLC concentrates in employment
cases. The firm includes four attorneys who handle, among other things, claims
for sex, age, race and disability discrimination, ERISA claims, wage and hour
matters, suits for commissions, claims for money due under employment
agreements, and whistleblower claims.  
  
The firm also does workplace investigations and reviews employment/severance
agreements for individuals, as well as non-compete agreements, non-
solicitation agreements, and other restrictive covenants for individuals.

WHAT OUR CLIENTS SAY

## "At a very stressful point in our lives, your words and actions were very
validating and encouraging…we understand now why your reputation is what it
is."

  1.   2.   3.   4.   5.   6.   7.   8.   9.   10.   11.   12.   13.   14.   15.   16.   17.   18.   19. 

About

## PRACTICE AREAS

Our attorneys have years of experience practicing law in the employment arena.
Whether you have been discriminated against, harassed,  wrongfully terminated,
or treated in a way you do not think you deserve, we can help. Not all
employment problems have a legal solution, but our team can provide you with
the best practical guidance.

​

Click below to learn about some of the areas of employment law that Abrahamson
Rdzanek & Wilkins may be able to assist you with in dealing with a potential,
current, or former employer.

DISCRIMINATION

DISABILITY AND  
REASONABLE  
ACCOMMODATION

VICTIM'S ECONOMIC SECURITY AND SAFEY ACT "VESSA"

LEAVES OF ABSENCE

RETALIATION

WHISTLE BLOWER ACTIVITY

SEXUAL  
HARASSMENT

WAGE AND HOUR CLAIMS

HOSTILE WORK ENVIRONMENT OR HARASSMENT

PAYMENT OF COMPENSATION

EMPLOYMENT CONTRACTS

SEVERANCE AGREEMENTS

WORKPLACE INVESTIGATIONS

EMERGING WORKPLACE ISSUES

Practice Areas

Meet Our Team

## MEET OUR TEAM

We specialize in working with clients who are tired of the old-school approach
to law.  
We utilize a completely different approach, free of all the stuffy negatives
that come with traditional law practices. Helping individuals, our approach
remains the same - we are here to handle all of your questions and work
towards a resolution that is best even under the most challenging
circumstances.

### Vicki Lafer Abrahamson  |   Partner

View Bio

View Bio

View Bio

### Courtney B. Sundstrom  |   Attorney

View Bio

### Lauren M. Siedlecki  |   Attorney

View Bio

### Michelle Brown |   Office Manager

(312) 263-2698

mbrown@arwlegal.com

### Terrill A. Wilkins  |   Partner

### Caroline E. Rdzanek  |   Partner

Contact

## CONTACT US

ARE YOU STILL EMPLOYED?

YES

NO - TERMINATED

NO - RESIGNED

**All information shared with our office is kept strictly confidential.

SUBMIT

THANKS FOR SUBMITTING!

120 North LaSalle Street Suite 1050  
Chicago, IL 60602

Tel: 312-263-2698  
Fax: 312-419-6770

attorneys@arwlegal.com

Monday - Friday  
9AM - 5PM

(C) 2021 by Abrahamson Rdzanek & Wilkins, LLC

Notices & Disclaimers

bottom of page

