E  A  H  S  A  N  L  A  W

Loading

  *  __37-18, 73rd Street, Suite 502, Jackson Heights, NY 11372

  *  __Need Free Consultation?Make an Appointment __

![logo](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![logo](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/08/Website-Logo-Vertical.png)

  * Home
  * Location
    * Dhaka Office
    * New York Office
    * Texas Office
    * Dubai Office (By Appointment Only)
  * Practices
    * US Family Based Immigration
    * US Employment Based Immigration
    * Court Cases In The USA
    * US Investment Based Immigration
    * USA Student Visa
    * Asylum In USA
    * Aviation Law
    * Immigration Law
    * Personal Injury Law
    * International Arbitration Law
    * Education Law
    * International Commercial Law
  * Shop
  * About
  * Attorney
  * Contact
  * Blog

__

__

#####  +8801711-788357

__

__

  * Home
  * Location
    * Dhaka Office
    * New York Office
    * Texas Office
    * Dubai Office (By Appointment Only)
  * Practices
    * US Family Based Immigration
    * US Employment Based Immigration
    * Court Cases In The USA
    * US Investment Based Immigration
    * USA Student Visa
    * Asylum In USA
    * Aviation Law
    * Immigration Law
    * Personal Injury Law
    * International Arbitration Law
    * Education Law
    * International Commercial Law
  * Shop
  * About
  * Attorney
  * Contact
  * Blog

__

Need help? Let’s Talk

#####  +8801711-788357

# About Us

Home __About Us

![Interior Image at Law Office of
Ehsan](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![Interior
Image at Law Office of Ehsan](https://www.ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/08/630-x-500-webp.webp)

## 22+

#### Year’s Exprience

######
![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/beyond-bracket-ehsanlaw/assets/img/home_01/bage_head.svg)About
Us

## Welcome to Law Office of Ehsan

We are your trusted legal partners, offering a wide spectrum of services
ranging from immigration law and personal injury law to aviation law,
arbitration law, and student visa law.

Our relentless pursuit of justice and unwavering commitment to our clients set
us apart as a premier law firm.

  * Exceptional Results
  * Client-Centric Approach
  * Comprehensive Expertise
  * Empathy and Support
  * International Reach

Learn More __

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/beyond-bracket-ehsanlaw/assets/img/home_01/scale.svg)

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/beyond-bracket-ehsanlaw/assets/img/home_01/icons/card.svg)

#### Competitive Pricing

Compared to similar law firms, we are able to offer better pricing thanks to
our back offices loacated in dirrent offshore countries.

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/beyond-bracket-ehsanlaw/assets/img/home_01/leaf.svg)

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/beyond-bracket-ehsanlaw/assets/img/home_01/law_hamer.svg)

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/beyond-bracket-ehsanlaw/assets/img/home_01/icons/like.svg)

#### Humane Support

We understand you as a human being and our entire support stuffs are trained
that way so that you feel comfortable and at home.

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/beyond-bracket-ehsanlaw/assets/img/home_01/leaf.svg)

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/beyond-bracket-ehsanlaw/assets/img/home_01/law_hamer.svg)

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/beyond-bracket-ehsanlaw/assets/img/home_01/icons/calander.svg)

#### Quick & Positive Result

What makes our services stand out is prompt actions taken from our end
whenever it demands. You can count on us.

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/beyond-bracket-ehsanlaw/assets/img/home_01/leaf.svg)

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/beyond-bracket-ehsanlaw/assets/img/home_01/law_hamer.svg)

######
![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/beyond-bracket-
ehsanlaw/assets/img/home_01/bage_head.svg)Services Offered

## We offer Consultancy and Processing for All Types of US Immigration Cases.

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/11/svg1-01-01.svg)

#### US Family Based Immigration

Generally, family-based cases are filed in the USA by Spouse, Parents or Child
who is a US citizen.

Service Details __ 01

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/beyond-bracket-ehsanlaw/assets/img/home_02/hamer_03.svg)

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/11/svg2-01-01.svg)

#### US Employment Based Immigration

An individual can get US immigration based on his/her employment with a US
Company, or, self-petition.

Service Details __ 02

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/beyond-bracket-ehsanlaw/assets/img/home_02/hamer_03.svg)

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/11/svg3-01-01.svg)

#### Court Cases In The USA

As a specialized immigration law firm, we provide legal assistance for
Cancellation of Removal.

Service Details __ 03

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/beyond-bracket-ehsanlaw/assets/img/home_02/hamer_03.svg)

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/11/svg4-01-01.svg)

#### US Investment Based Immigration

Qualified company, through its subsidiary in the USA, can sponsor for key
officers to enhance business.

Service Details __ 04

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/beyond-bracket-ehsanlaw/assets/img/home_02/hamer_03.svg)

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/11/svg5-01-01.svg)

#### USA Student Visa

Our service extends beyond the visa processing in Bangladesh by assisting and
guiding towards better immigration in the US.

Service Details __ 05

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/beyond-bracket-ehsanlaw/assets/img/home_02/hamer_03.svg)

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/11/svg6-01-01.svg)

#### Asylum In USA

Our US office can evaluate your application for Asylum while you are in the
USA.

Service Details __ 06

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/beyond-bracket-ehsanlaw/assets/img/home_02/hamer_03.svg)

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/beyond-bracket-ehsanlaw/assets/img/home_02/lep.svg)

######
![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/beyond-bracket-ehsanlaw/assets/img/home_01/bage_head.svg)Meet
Our Team

## Experience in US Immigration Consultancy!

![Ehsanur Rahman Ehsan, founder and lead attorney at Law Office of
Ehsan](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![Ehsanur
Rahman Ehsan, founder and lead attorney at Law Office of
Ehsan](https://www.ehsanlaw.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/07/Ehsanur-Rahman-
Ehsan-Law-Office-of-Ehsan.webp)

________

#### Ehsanur Rahman

Licensed to practice law by the Supreme Court of Texas and a member of the
State Bar of Texas.

View Attorney Profile __

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/11/Samsuzzaman-Riton-Manager-Digital-Marketing-and-
Operations.webp)

________

#### Samsuzzaman Riton

He oversees Marketing and Operations for Law Office of Ehsan.

![logo](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![logo](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/08/Website-Logo-Vertical.png)

We have got you covered be it Immigration, Aviation, Personal Injury or
International Arbitration. Get our expert service to have a stress-free life.

#### Pages

  *  __About Us
  *  __Attorney
  *  __Blog
  *  __Contact Us
  *  __Testimonials
  *  __Payment
  *  __Privacy Policy
  *  __Terms & Refund Policy

#### Service Offerings

  *  __US Family Based Immigration
  *  __US Employment Based Immigration
  *  __Court Cases In The USA
  *  __US Investment Based Immigration
  *  __USA Student Visa
  *  __Asylum In USA

#### Contact Us

__

Head Office:  
37-18, 73rd Street, Suite 502  
Jackson Heights, NY 11372, USA

__

Dhaka Office:  
House# 42, Block# E, Road# 5  
Banasree, Dhaka 1219, Bangladesh

__

info@ehsanlaw.com

__

+8801711788357

© 2024 ehsanlaw.com  | All Rights Reserved

________

Designed & Developed by Beyond Bracket.

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/beyond-bracket-ehsanlaw/assets/img/home_02/foter_01.svg)

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/beyond-bracket-ehsanlaw/assets/img/home_02/foter_01.svg)

