Call Us Today(408) 457-93645671 Santa Teresa Suite 203 San Jose, CA 95123  * Home  * Firm    * Case Results  * Practice Areas    * Business Law      * Breach of Contracts      * Business Disputes      * Business Litigation      * Business Formation      * Business Fraud      * Collections Attorney    * Franchise Law      * Franchise Advising & Litigation      * Franchise Agreement    * Intellectual Property      * Trademark Infringement      * Website Disputes    * Specialized Industries      * Real Estate      * Dentist  * Referrals  * Contact Us**Do You Have A Case ?**  Let Us Stand Up For Your Rights .  * Name*  * Email Address*  * Message  * 59942(408) 457-9364  * Name*  * Email Address*  * Message  * 64567# The Law Offices of Nicholas D. Heimlich Has three main practice Areas:## Business Law/ Corporate Advising:$Entity Selection (Corp., LLP/LLC, S-Corporation)$Corporate Governance$Business sales and asset purchase agreements$Shareholder agreements/Founder Agreements/Buy-Sell Agreements$Non-disclosure agreements$Franchise Agreements$LeasesFor more information, click **here**.## Civil Litigation/Dispute Resolution$Breach of contract$Collections$Business disputes$Partnership disputes$Franchise law$Fraud$Real Estate Disputes$TrademarksFor more details, click **here**.   For case results, click **here**.## Trademarks/Intellectual Property$California and Federal Trademark applications$Trademark searches$Trademark Litigation$Trademark LicensingFor more information, click **here**.## Business Formation## Breach of Contracts## Business Disputes## Collections## Franchise Law & Litigation## Fraud & Corporate Theft## Franchise Agreement Attorney## Trademark Filing & Litigation## Website Disputes## Dentists## Looking For The Best Lawyer In San Jose? Here Is What To Look For:Call Today (408) 457-9364**In order to hire the best lawyer in San Jose, first you need to figure out what type of legal dispute you have. Some general practice areas are things like contract disputes, franchise disputes, corporate disputes.**Then you can ask people you know if they have attorneys familiar with that or know someone who might. Asking other attorneys you know for a referral can be helpful. You can also ask other people who operate businesses if they have used an attorney for a referral for an attorney would be another way to get a reference.Nick Heimlich Law covers many major areas of business and business practices. Included in his areas of practice are collections, website disputes, and trademark filing and litigation. When you need the service of the best attorney in San Jose, you can expect only the best from Nick Heimlich.## Your Locally Trusted San Jose LawyerAn ordinary Silicon Valley lawyer might not be able to meet your expectations if you're looking for exceptional service. Do you need a lawyer for a dispute in a franchise agreement? Or perhaps you are starting a lawsuit concerning franchise laws you think were broken in your business agreement? A San Jose lawyer that has a record of helping franchise owners and litigants in Silicon Valley for years is what you need. Atty. Nick Heimlich has the trust of San Jose and Silicon Valley residents, and he has been their go-to lawyer for several business legal issues. Call Today (408) 457-9364## Silicon Valley Lawyer Practicing Business Law  Silicon Valley is known to be a hub for innovation and business. Atty. Heimlich's knowledge and expertise give him an understanding of how to keep these businesses going and running smoothly. His past successful cases warrant him to be one of the best Silicon Valley attorneys today. He is ready to offer his services, defend your case and help you win.These are the following areas of expertise covered by Nick Heimlich### Breach of ContractsFailing to provide everything promised in a contract or failure to meet expectations and standards of service is considered a breach of contract. In most cases, an existing written contract is needed, but there are certain exceptions. If you are unsure of a contract breach, contact Atty. Nick Heimlich.### Fraud and Corporate TheftDo you have an employee that's committing corporate theft? Having the best San Jose lawyer can help you find where the theft occurs. He can also help you figure out a game plan to address the situation..### Business FormationStarting a new business involves a lot of paperwork and registration work. Hiring the best Silicon Valley lawyer to handle all the legal details allows you to focus more on planning and construction.### Trademark Filing and LitigationCreating a trademark for your business without infringing on another company's trademark and rights can prove to be a challenge. However, your business might encounter some problems when another company tries to copy your trademark. If you ever experience any issues in trademark filing, Atty. Nick Heimlich, a Silicon Valley attorney, can help you with your case.### Website DisputesHaving a business today almost always means owning and operating a business website. While you may have done everything possible to make your website unique, you may encounter some infringement of copyright issues. These issues usually stem from developing a website that looks or "feels" too much like another existing website. Moreover, the opposite can also occur, and another website may try to copy some aspect of your website. Regardless of which issue you're facing, having an attorney who will help you correct the problem can prevent expensive lawsuits.### Business DisputesBusiness disputes involve several legal battles. This can range from being unable to get another business to return the money you paid in exchange for goods and services to another company countersuing you after filing a suit against them. Regardless of the reason, having a good lawyer can help you resolve the issue.### CollectionsNo business likes having unpaid bills with customers that refuse to pay. Collecting payment after you rendered goods or services to a consumer can sometimes be difficult. Hiring a lawyer should be a last resort, but having the best San Jose lawyer to collect payments when needed can get customers with overdue payments to pay.### Cases Involving DentistsOne unique area of practice that has its share of legal woes is dental care. Dentists operate small businesses with specific services. Nick Heimlich Law has represented Dentists and medical doctors for some of their legal disputes either with selling or exiting a business or from business disputes about dentists or doctors in a practice..Call Today (408) 457-9364## Our Areas Of PracticeCall Today (408) 457-9364Our areas of practice and expertise fall under three sub-branches of business law. If you're looking for a "good lawyer near me" including small business law, Nick Heimlich Law can help.Reach out to us if you need help with Business Law and Advisory, Business Litigation, and Intellectual Property Law. Whenever you're looking for a "Silicon Valley lawyer near me" or a "Silicon Valley attorney near me," Attorney Nick Heimlich is here to provide you with his services. He has been practicing areas of business-related law for over a decade. Moreover, his successful track record speaks volumes of his capabilities. If you have any legal issues that you want to discuss with us, don't hesitate to give us a call. We will help you with your case and advise you with steps to take to move forward.Call Today  5671 Santa Teresa Suite 203  San Jose, CA 95123**Phone:** 408-457-9364   **Fax:** 408-841-7630   **Email:** info@nickheimlichlaw.com**Follow Us On**### Sitemap  * Home  * Firm  * Attorney Profile  * Practice Areas  * Case Results  * Referrals  * Contact Us  * Resources  * Blog  * Events 2024 Copyright **Law Offices of Nicholas Heimlich,** all rights reserved. Proudly Managed By **The Ad Firm**David Duckworth1700157726I recently received legal advice from Nick and he was very professional and easy to talk to. He gave us great advice and I would definitely use him again if needed. Thank you Nick! Rebecca Bauer1695770332Nick was excellent! Very knowledgeable, asks great questions, and quickly understood the situation and was able to give great advice. I so appreciated his time, insight, and expertise in assisting with our situation. Highly recommend! Charles Chen1694420630Mr. Heimlich has been very responsive to my case and provided extraordinarily useful advice. Thank you! Mario Cassara1685657082Nick Heimlich was very professional and knowledgeable in my case. He left a lot of the worrisome I had in my case to the expert and was very good at what he does. I will recommend Nick to anyone who needs council!Much appreciative,Mario Taryn Harada1682283989This was the first time ever needing a lawyer for something, I was a bit frantic and overwhelmed with everything going on, but Nick and his team were very professional and honest, and made me feel at ease about my case. They were even professional and cool with the opposing attorney even though she was being unprofessional at times. In the end, they were able to settle my case and bring me a satisfying outcome. If you're ever in a bind and need a business lawyer, I highly recommend Nick and his team. Jay Kamdar1677112007I am an officer at a company that provides B2B Demand Generation services to marketing and sales. Over a number of years, I've worked with Nick Heimlich for legal services. He has advised me well and helped to represent the company in multiple legal disputes including in Court. I am very satisfied with his work and highly recommend him. Rami Gideoni1671573652I needed some legal consultation and per recommendation I received, I have approached Nicholas. He got back to me quickly and provided great service, he was patient, professional and knowledgeable. His advise is much appreciated, it cleared the situation, draw the next steps to follow and placed my mind to peace .I would definitely recommend his service. I A1668466596Nick answered all of my questions with direct and concise answers to my situation. Thank you! Abe Honest1659056852Mr Heimlich was very professional kind and knowledgeable when I give him a call. I was calling to hire an attorney for an tenant and landlord dispute. I had a particular issue that Mr Heimlich took time to completely listen to me. unfortunately the area I needed help was not an area that Mr Nick practiced. but he was not hesitant to give me some leads and direct me to the right place. he's a man of character and cares about what he does, I can only imagine his level of excellence in his area of expertise. he's a man of great character and I would recommend him for anyone to give him a call and talk to him. thank you very much Nick. thank you for caring . Tilo S1645581772Nick was very helpful when I needed legal advice.Thank you! Bay Small Moves1627662780M C1567630884I entered into a membership contract that had unreasonable cancellation requirements. I went to Nick through my companys employee assistance program. Nick did thorough research and found that the contract term exceeded term limits allowed by California law. As a result, I was able to cancel the contract without any penalty. I was very satisfied with the outcome. Brandon Lowry1560660818Great attorney who listens to what you say and provides insight and guidance for your problem. Nick is extremely patient and will fight hard for you. He will also tell you the truth whether you have a case or not so you do not waste your money. Hard to find honesty nowadays. Andyn79 Nguyen1559407271He wasn't able to take me as a client but had about 10 mins so he told me tell me and just from that i was able to be clear and did win from really dishonest people. So i am thank you telling the truth gets it's own reward Mark Brown1557175715Nick was very helpful when I needed assistance dissolving an LLC. Not only did he create the appropriate documentation, but he educated me on the process. His guidance was invaluable, and everything resolved smoothly. I would certainly use his services again in the future. Bonnie Nevitt1477002289My family cannot thank Nick enough. We needed a business litigation attorney for a lawsuit that was going to trial, he not only took the time to understand the complexities of the case but was able to convey that to the judge. He was able to get us amazing results. Hands down the best attorney we have ever worked with. Skip to contentOpen toolbar Accessibility ToolsAccessibility Tools  * Increase TextIncrease Text  * Decrease TextDecrease Text  * GrayscaleGrayscale  * High ContrastHigh Contrast  * Negative ContrastNegative Contrast  * Light BackgroundLight Background  * Links UnderlineLinks Underline  * Readable FontReadable Font  * Reset Reset