Home

Firm Overview

__

About

Attorney Referrals

Awards And Recognition

Our Attorneys

__

D. Carl Lustig III

Mitchell J. Sassower

Robert M. Fiala

John G. Korman

Rachele M. Van Arsdale

Practice Areas

__

Construction Accidents

NYC Personal Injury Lawyer

Motor Vehicle Accident Lawyer

NYC Premises Liability Lawyer

Municipal Liability

Medical Malpractice Lawyer

Accident Help Guide

__

What to do After a Construction Accident

What to do After a Car Accident

The Personal Injury Claims Process

Do I Have a Case?

Verdicts & Settlements

Blog

Contact

  * Home
  * Firm Overview
    * About
    * Attorney Referrals
    * Awards And Recognition
  * Our Attorneys
    * D. Carl Lustig III
    * Mitchell J. Sassower
    * Robert M. Fiala
    * John G. Korman
    * Rachele M. Van Arsdale
  * Practice Areas
    * Construction Accidents
    * NYC Personal Injury Lawyer
    * Motor Vehicle Accident Lawyer
    * NYC Premises Liability Lawyer
    * Municipal Liability
    * Medical Malpractice Lawyer
  * Accident Help Guide
    * What to do After a Construction Accident
    * What to do After a Car Accident
    * The Personal Injury Claims Process
    * Do I Have a Case?
  * Verdicts & Settlements
  * Blog
  * Contact

![](https://als-lawyers.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/ALS-logo_purple.png)

Call 24/7

free consultation

212-732-4992

MENU

# NYC Personal Injury Lawyer

#### Fighting For Injured People,  
AND THEIR FAMILIES Since 1965

#### Hablamos Español

#### No Recovery = No Fee

#### Free Consultations

  1. Home »
  2. NYC Personal Injury Lawyer 

## Arye, Lustig & Sassower, P.C.: New York's Premier Personal Injury Attorneys

For over half a century, Arye, Lustig & Sassower, P.C. has been a beacon of
hope for the residents of New York City and its neighboring regions.
Established in 1965, our firm has weathered the ebbs and flows of the legal
arena, consistently emerging as a champions for the injured. With recoveries
for our clients from judgments and settlements in an amount surpassing $1
billion, our track record speaks volumes about our dedication, experience, and
the trust placed in us by our clients.

## Personal Injury Cases We Take

Understanding your rights and seeking legal assistance can often feel
overwhelming after an accident or injury. At Arye, Lustig & Sassower, P.C.,
we're here to provide the guidance and experience you need. Our extensive
experience covers a broad spectrum of personal injury cases. Below, you'll
find a list of personal injury cases we handle.

### Car Accidents

Road mishaps can change lives in a split second. Whether it's a rear-end
collision, a hit-and-run incident, or a catastrophic highway accident, our
attorneys are adept at navigating the complexities of auto accident claims. We
work diligently to ensure that victims are compensated for medical bills,
property damage, lost wages, and emotional distress.

### Product Liability

Injuries resulting from defective products, from household appliances to
children's toys, require experienced legal representation. We pursue
manufacturers, distributors, and retailers to ensure they're held accountable.

### Slip, Trip, and Fall Cases

Whether due to poor maintenance, unsafe premises, or negligence, we fight for
victims of slip-and-fall accidents to ensure they receive due justice.

### Dog Bites and Animal Attacks

Animal-related injuries can lead to physical and emotional trauma. Our team
offers legal support to victims, ensuring responsible parties face the
consequences.

### Birth Injuries

If medical negligence results in birth injuries, families deserve justice. Our
attorneys have significant experience in medical malpractice cases, and we can
represent the victims of birth injuries, striving for the best outcomes for
affected children and their parents.

### Nursing Home Abuse and Neglect

The elderly deserve respect, care, and dignity. If your loved one has suffered
due to neglect or abuse in a nursing facility, we will fight relentlessly for
their rights.

### Pedestrian Accidents

Pedestrians struck by vehicles often face severe injuries and long recovery
times. We are experienced and use our best efforts to see that at-fault
parties are held responsible.

### Bicycle Accidents

Cyclists are vulnerable road users. When accidents occur due to negligence or
inadequate infrastructure, we step in to ensure victims are compensated.

### Construction Accidents

The construction industry is fraught with risks. Whether it's a fall from a
height, equipment malfunction, or any other site-related hazard, our team has
extensive experience in ensuring that those affected by construction site
injuries get the compensation and support they need.

### Medical Malpractice

Medicine is a field built on trust. However, medical malpractice becomes a
case when medical professionals deviate from established standards of care,
resulting in patient harm. Whether it's a misdiagnosis, surgical error, birth
injury, or any other form of negligent care, our firm is adept at holding
healthcare providers accountable.

### Train and Subway Accidents

Mass transit incidents, be it derailments or collisions, can lead to a host of
injuries. Our firm is proficient in navigating the intricacies of such cases.

### Food Poisoning and Contamination

When negligence leads to consuming contaminated food, causing illness or long-
term health complications, we ensure victims receive the justice they deserve.

### Wrongful Death

In cases where the injured party dies from their injuries, the law allows a
claim to be asserted for the injured victim's conscious pain and suffering.
Also, it will enable a claim for Wrongful Death for financial (economic) loss
suffered by family members and loss of nurture and guidance.

## Partner with Experienced Personal Injury Lawyers

When life takes an unexpected turn, and you find yourself grappling with
injuries, trust Arye, Lustig & Sassower, P.C. to guide you. As a leading New
York personal injury law firm, our legacy is built on delivering justice. Let
us help you rebuild and recover. Contact us today.

## How Much Is My NY Personal Injury Case Worth?

At Arye, Lustig & Sassower, P.C., this is among our clients' most common and
crucial questions. Every personal injury case is unique, and various factors
will determine its value. Here are some considerations that can impact the
worth of your personal injury claim:

### Nature and Severity of the Injury

The more severe and long-lasting your injury, the higher the potential
compensation. This considers the medical costs, the extent of physical and
emotional pain, and the long-term implications of the injury.

### Medical Expenses

This covers past, present, and future medical bills resulting from the injury.
It includes hospital stays, surgeries, physical therapy, medication, and
required medical equipment.

### Lost Wages and Loss of Earning Capacity

If your injury caused you to miss work or reduced your capacity to earn in the
future, these lost wages and potential future earnings are factored into the
compensation.

### Pain and Suffering

This intangible cost is subjective and varies from case to case. It considers
the physical pain and emotional distress you've undergone due to the accident.

### Property Damage

If personal property (like a car or belongings) was damaged in the incident,
the cost of repair or replacement can be included.

### Comparative Negligence

New York operates on a comparative negligence system. If you are found to be
partially at fault for the injury, your compensation might be reduced by the
percentage of your fault.

#### Duration and Visibility of Scarring or Disfigurement

Permanent scars or disfigurements, especially prominently visible ones, can
significantly increase the value of a claim.

### The Credibility of Parties Involved

The perceptions of the plaintiff, defendant, and witnesses can influence the
jury's decision and, consequently, the Claim's value.

### Policy Limits

Sometimes, the at-fault party's insurance coverage may have policy limits that
cap the compensation you receive. However, we always try to obtain the best
results under the circumstances.

At Arye, Lustig & Sassower, P.C., we strive to ensure our clients receive the
maximum compensation they are entitled to. While we can't predict the exact
value of a claim without understanding the specifics, our over 50 years of
experience in the New York personal injury realm allows us to provide a
thorough evaluation and guide you every step of the way.

## What To Do if You Have Been Injured By Someone Else's Negligence

Experiencing an injury due to another's negligence can be traumatic and
overwhelming. At Arye, Lustig & Sassower, P.C., we understand the challenges
you may face. To ensure you have the best chance of receiving the compensation
you deserve, follow these essential steps:

### Seek Immediate Medical Attention

Your health is the top priority. Even if your injuries seem minor, it's
crucial to get checked by a medical professional. Some injuries may not
manifest symptoms immediately but can have long-term consequences.

### Report the Incident

Notify the appropriate authorities about the incident. Depending on the nature
of the accident, this might mean reporting to the police, property managers,
or another relevant body. Obtain a copy of any official report filed.

### Gather Evidence

Document everything related to the accident:

  * Photos and Videos: Capture images of the accident scene, your injuries, and any property damage.
  * Witness Information: Collect names, addresses, and contact details of anyone who witnessed the incident.
  * Detailed Notes: Write down the specifics of the accident, including the date, time, location, and any conversations or interactions you had.

### Avoid Providing Statements

While it's essential to cooperate with authorities, be cautious about giving
statements to insurance adjusters or representatives from the other party.
They may try to use your words against you.

### Notify Your Insurance Company

Inform your insurer about the incident. Provide factual details but avoid
admitting fault or providing speculative information.

### Keep a Record of Medical Treatment and Expenses

Document all medical treatments, medications, and therapies. Save all bills,
receipts, and any correspondence related to your injury. This will be vital
when seeking compensation.

### Stay Off Social Media

Avoid discussing the incident or your injuries on social media platforms. The
opposing side may monitor your activity to discredit your Claim.

### Consult with a Personal Injury Attorney

Engage an experienced attorney to navigate the complexities of a personal
injury claim. At Arye, Lustig & Sassower, P.C., our team can comprehensively
evaluate your situation and guide you on the best course of action.

### Follow Medical Advice and Treatment Plans

Adhere to all medical recommendations. Skipping appointments or not following
medical advice can be used against you to suggest that your injuries aren't as
severe as claimed.

### Keep a Record

Record your day-to-day experiences after the injury, noting pain levels,
emotional well-being, and limitations. This can be a powerful tool to
demonstrate the impact of the injury on your life.

### Be Patient

Personal injury claims can take time. Trust the process and your attorney's
guidance.

At Arye, Lustig & Sassower, P.C., we're committed to ensuring victims of
negligence receive the justice and compensation they deserve. Don't hesitate
to reach out if you or a loved one has been injured due to someone else's
negligence. Let our experienced team guide you through this challenging time.
Contact us today for a consultation.

## Common Injuries In Personal Injury Lawsuits

Navigating the complex world of personal injury law can be daunting. At the
core of these cases are injuries, some of which change lives forever. At Arye,
Lustig & Sassower, P.C., we've represented clients with many injuries. Here
are some of the most common injuries that form the foundation of personal
injury claims:

  * **Traumatic Brain Injuries (TBI):** Due to severe blows or jolts to the head, TBIs can lead to lasting cognitive, behavioral, and physical impairments.
  * **Spinal Cord Injuries:** Whether partial or complete, injuries to the spinal cord can result in paralysis and other significant neurological impairments.
  * **Whiplash and Neck Injuries:** Common in car accidents, these can lead to chronic pain and limited mobility.
  * **Fractures and Broken Bones:** From simple breaks to compound fractures, bone injuries can profoundly impact one's quality of life.
  * **Burn Injuries:** Burns can result from fire, chemicals, or electricity accidents.
  * **Soft Tissue Injuries:** These encompass bruises, sprains, and strains that may seem minor initially but can lead to lasting pain and discomfort.
  * **Internal Injuries:** Damage to organs or internal bleeding, often resulting from blunt force trauma.
  * **Cuts and Lacerations:** While some are minor, deeper cuts can lead to significant blood loss, scarring, and risk of infection.
  * **Amputations** : The loss of a limb, whether traumatic (at the scene) or surgical (as a necessary medical intervention).
  * **Emotional and Psychological Injuries:** Not all wounds are visible. Accidents can lead to post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), anxiety, depression, and other emotional traumas.
  * **Construction-Related Injuries:** Given the dangerous nature of construction sites, workers may face unique injuries such as falls from heights, machinery-related injuries, or being struck by falling objects.

## What Kinds Of Damages Might I Receive Compensation For?

If you or a loved one has suffered due to someone else's negligence, it's
essential to understand the types of damages for which you could be
compensated. At Arye, Lustig & Sassower, P.C., we work diligently to ensure
our clients are fully informed about potential recoveries. Here's an overview
of the various types of damages in personal injury cases:

### Economic Damages (Special Damages)

These monetary damages refer to specific financial losses incurred because of
the injury:

  * Medical Expenses: This covers current and future medical bills, surgeries, physical therapy, rehabilitation, medications, and other related expenses.
  * Lost Wages: Compensation for your lost income due to missed work after the injury.
  * Loss of Earning Capacity: If the injury affects your ability to earn in the future, you can claim compensation for potential lost earnings.
  * Property Damage: Costs to repair or replace personal property damaged in the incident, such as vehicles, electronics, or clothing.

### Non-Economic Damages (General Damages)

These damages compensate for non-monetary losses:

  * Pain and Suffering: Compensation for physical pain, emotional distress, and discomfort resulting from the injury.
  * Loss of Enjoyment of Life: Compensation for the inability to enjoy daily activities and hobbies due to the injury.
  * Emotional Distress: Damages for anxiety, depression, fear, insomnia, or other emotional challenges stemming from the incident.
  * Loss of Consortium: Compensation for the adverse impact on the relationship between the injured person and their spouse or partner.
  * Disfigurement: If the injury causes scarring or other permanent changes to appearance.

### Punitive Damages

Unlike economic and non-economic damages, which aim to compensate the victim,
punitive damages punish the at-fault party for particularly egregious or
malicious conduct. They also serve as a deterrent to prevent similar behavior
in the future. While not common in all personal injury cases, punitive damages
can be awarded when the defendant's actions were exceptionally reckless or
intentional.

### Wrongful Death Damages

In the unfortunate event of a death due to negligence, surviving family
members may seek compensation for:

  * Funeral and burial expenses.
  * Loss of financial support, companionship, and guidance the deceased would have provided.

### Nominal Damages

In cases where a legal wrong has occurred but no substantial loss or injury
can be proven, the court may award a small symbolic compensation.
Understanding the full scope of potential damages is essential for ensuring
you receive the compensation you deserve. At Arye, Lustig & Sassower, P.C.,
our dedicated team is well-equipped to guide you through the complexities of
your personal injury case, ensuring you're compensated for all relevant
damages. If you believe you have a claim, contact us today for a consultation.

## Only Pay If You Win

At Arye, Lustig & Sassower, P.C., our approach is straightforward: if we don't
secure compensation for you, you owe us nothing. This 'contingency fee'
structure ensures you won't face any upfront costs, retainers, or hourly
charges. Instead, we establish a pre-agreed percentage of your potential
recovery. Our method allows you to prioritize healing without financial
stress.  
Partnering with a law firm that adheres to this 'only pay if you win' model
guarantees a team deeply invested in your success. When your win is our win,
rest assured we'll champion your cause with the vigor and tenacity we're
renowned for.

## What Can You Expect from Our Complimentary Consultation?

At the heart of our complimentary case review is genuine listening. A seasoned
personal injury lawyer from our firm will attentively hear your account,
emphasizing understanding the profound effects of the injury on your life.

Every personal injury claim is founded on this understanding. You'll never
feel pressured, be prompted to say something you don't mean, or feel time
constraints during our conversation.  
We recognize that speaking with New York City's personal injury attorneys can
seem daunting initially. However, with us, you'll quickly realize you're in
the company of caring, understanding professionals, all geared towards
ensuring you attain the justice and compensation you deserve.

## Let's Fight for Your Right to Compensation

With Arye, Lustig & Sassower, P.C., you're in experienced hands. Don't face
this challenge alone – we're here to guide and support you every step of the
way.  
Don't wait. Time matters in personal injury cases. Contact us now.

* * *

## NY Personal Injury FAQs

Navigating the landscape of personal injury law in New York can be complex.
Below, we've compiled some frequently asked questions to clarify key aspects
of personal injury claims in the state.

### How long do I have to file a personal injury claim in New York?

In New York, the statute of limitations for most personal claims is 3 years
from the date of injury. However, there are many exceptions. For example,
cases involving municipalities and public authorities, such as the City of New
York, New York City Housing Authority (NYCHA), and New York City Transit
Authority (NYCTA), where the deadline to commence a formal lawsuit is only one
year and ninety days from the date of injury. Those cases generally include
additional conditions precedent, such as filing a notice of Claim, that must
be completed within only ninety days from the date of injury. The same
abbreviated deadlines also apply to cases against the New York City municipal
hospitals operated by the New York City Health & Hospitals Corporation. So,
it's vital to consult with a lawyer to understand specific deadlines for your
case.

### What if I'm partly at fault for my injury?

New York follows the doctrine of "comparative negligence." This means you can
still recover damages even if you are partially at fault. However, your
compensation will be reduced by the percentage of your fault.

### How much is my personal injury claim worth

The value of a claim varies based on factors like severity of injury, medical
bills, lost wages, pain and suffering, and more. Our Arye, Lustig & Sassower,
P.C. team can evaluate your case to estimate its potential value.

### Do I need a lawyer for my personal injury case?

While it's technically possible to represent yourself, having experienced
representation can make a significant difference in the outcome of your Claim.
A lawyer understands the intricacies of the law and negotiation tactics and
can effectively advocate for your best interests.

### What if the responsible party doesn't have insurance?

If the responsible party is uninsured or underinsured, you might still have
options through your insurance policy or by pursuing assets of the at-fault
party.

### How long will my personal injury case take?

The timeline varies based on the case's complexity, the parties' willingness
to settle, court schedules, and other factors. Some cases might resolve in
months, while others can take years.

### What fees can I expect when working with Arye, Lustig & Sassower, P.C.?

We operate on a contingency fee basis. This means you pay nothing upfront, and
we only collect a fee if we successfully obtain compensation for you.

### Can I still claim if my injuries initially seemed minor but worsened over
time?

Yes. Some injuries may not manifest immediately after the accident. It's
essential to get a medical evaluation after any accident and consult a lawyer
if your injuries worsen or complications arise.

### What happens if my case goes to trial?

Most personal injury cases in New York are settled before reaching trial.
However, if a settlement isn't reached, your lawsuit will proceed to trial,
where evidence will be presented, and a judge or jury will decide the outcome.

### What should I do immediately after an accident or injury?

First and foremost, seek medical attention. Then, if possible, gather evidence
like photos and witness information. Finally, consult a knowledgeable personal
injury attorney to understand your rights and next steps.

Personal Injury Menu

  * Wrongful Death Lawyer
  * Brain Injury Lawyer
  * Spinal Cord Injury Lawyer
  * Burn Injury Lawyer
  * Back and Neck Injury Lawyer
  * Fracture and Joint Injuries
  * Amusement Park Accident Lawyer
  * Sexual Abuse Lawyer
  * Daycare Injury Lawyer

Representing **IBEW Local #3 Members** For More Than 40 Years: _Find Out More_

##### No Recovery  
= No Fee

##### Free Initial  
Consultations

Call Today:

212-732-4992

##### Or Tell Us About Your Case Here And We’ll Get Back To You Promptly:

  

First Name

Email Address *

Phone Number

Message

Disclaimer | Privacy Policy

I have read the Disclaimer *

Send Message

Please do not fill in this field.

## New York’s Premier Construction Accident And Personal Injury Lawyers

![](https://als-lawyers.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/als-large-logo.png)

#### Time-Tested Attorneys, Committed To Your Case

## If you've been injured, contact us today for a FREE case review.

  

First Name

Email Address *

Phone Number

Message

Disclaimer | Privacy Policy

I have read the Disclaimer *

Send Message

Please do not fill in this field. Please do not fill in this field.

![](https://als-lawyers.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/als-white-logo-
shadow.png)

## 20 Vesey Street  
Suite #1010  
New York, NY 10007

New York Law Office Map

Local: 212-732-4992  
Toll Free: 800-574-4LAW  
New Cases: 800-574-4LAW

Email Our Firm

![](https://als-lawyers.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/als-white-logo-
shadow.png)

## 20 Vesey Street  
Suite #1010  
New York, NY 10007

New York Law Office Map

Toll Free: 800-574-4LAW  
New Cases: 800-574-4LAW  
Local: 212-732-4992

Email Our Firm

(C) 2024 ALS-Lawyers.com. All rights reserved.

Disclaimer | Privacy | Review Us

Attorney Advertising | Prior results do not guarantee a similar outcome. The
information on this website is for general information purposes only. Nothing
on this site should be taken as legal advice for any individual case or
situation. This information is not intended to create, and receipt or viewing
does not constitute, an attorney-client relationship. This site is protected
by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

barsfacebook-official

