__info@ledwidge1.com

Ledwidge & Associates

![](https://ledlawyers.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/02/logo.png)

__info@ledwidge1.com

##### __+1 718-276-6656

  * Home
  * Where Do I Begin?
  * Firm Overview
  * Probate Law
    * How Does The Probate Process Work?
    * What Happens If A Person Dies Without A Will?
    * The Responsibilities Of Estate Executors
    * Proving Kinship During Probate Administration
    * What Does It Mean To File A Right Of Election Against An Estate?
    * Challenging The Role Of An Executor
    * Do You Need Help Administering A Trust?
  * Services Offered
    * Estate Planning
    * Real Estate Disputes
    * Guardianship
    * Attorney
  * Service Areas
    * Law Services in the Bronx
    * Lawyers in Brooklyn
    * Law Services in Jamaica, NYC
    * Law Services for Residents of Long Island
    * Lawyers Based in Queens
  * Contact

MENUHome Where Do I Begin? Firm Overview Probate Law - How Does The Probate
Process Work? - What Happens If A Person Dies Without A Will? - The
Responsibilities Of Estate Executors - Proving Kinship During Probate
Administration - What Does It Mean To File A Right Of Election Against An
Estate? - Challenging The Role Of An Executor - Do You Need Help Administering
A Trust? Services Offered - Estate Planning - Real Estate Disputes -
Guardianship - Attorney Service Areas - Law Services in the Bronx - Lawyers in
Brooklyn - Law Services in Jamaica, NYC - Law Services for Residents of Long
Island - Lawyers Based in Queens Contact

# About

# Meet Attorney Joseph Ledwidge

There are a lot of risks when it comes to probate law. Your case's result will
determine how the estate and inheritance will be distributed in your family,
especially if there's no will left behind by the deceased.

#### Lawyers Serving New York City

###### Range of Services

  * PROBATE-ESTATE LITIGATION
  * REAL ESTATE-DEED FRAUD
  * GUARDIANSHIP ADULTS & CHILDREN
  * ESTATE PLANNING TRUSTS
  * MATRIMONIAL

The passing of your loved ones results in many legal complications in addition
to emotional grief. Most of the time, these financial and legal issues are
complex and require experienced guidance. This is where a probate attorney
comes in. Experienced probate attorneys can guide you on your legal rights and
help smooth out complex processes related to inheritance distribution.

The Law Office of Ledwidge & Associates, P.C., offers legal guidance and
advocacy for clients related to estate and probate administration issues in
Queens, Manhattan, Brooklyn, and New York City. We have a team of experienced
probate lawyers and associates to guide you through the legal aspects and
represent you throughout the probate process. We give special attention to the
fine print to make sure there are no issues going forward with your case.

#### **A Successful Approach To Probate Law**

With around fifteen years of professional experience, Joseph Ledwidge, a
probate law attorney in New York, can handle all forms of complex estate and
probate cases for a multitude of clients residing in Queens, Brooklyn, and New
Yorkers in other parts of the world.

Our firm has a unique approach, and we always put our client's requirements
first.

  * **We listen** : We understand that no two probate cases are similar. We understand our client's goals and requirements and draft a legal strategy based on that.
  * **We strategize** : We discuss the best ways to solve our client's unique needs regarding their probate law issues. We determine whether our clients need an aggressive strategy or a laid-back one, but the final decision is made by the client depending on the advice and information we provide.
  * **We care** : We recognize that lawyer fees might not be affordable for everyone. This is why we offer affordable solutions and easy payment options for our clients to help them find reliable and trusted legal services without breaking the bank.

The Law Office of Ledwidge & Associates, P.C., represents clients in different
aspects of estate administration and probate. We work one-on-one with our
clients to help them find the best possible solutions to their legal issues.

###### **Meet the Team at Ledwidge & Associates, P.C.**

**Joseph A. Ledwidge Esq., Managing Partner**

**Yakeina Dixon Esq., Associate Counsel**

#### **Contact A Queens Lawyer For Your Probate Law Issue**

If you are seeking an experienced probate or estate planning lawyer in Queens,
Brooklyn or anywhere in the New York City metro area, we are here for you.
Contact us today online or by telephone at **718.276.6656** to arrange a
consultation with a knowledgeable New York probate and estate law attorney.

#### Search

#### Contact Information

**Ledwidge & Associates, P.C.**

**Queens**

170 26 Cedarcroft Road

Jamaica, New York 11432

**Brooklyn**

300 Cadman Plaza West, 12th FL.  
Brooklyn, New York 11201

Phone: +1 718-276-6656

Email: info@ledwidge1.com

#### Social Media

  * __
  *   * __

#### Free Resource

![](https://ledlawyers.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/02/report-book.png)

Overview of Essential Documents for New York Estate Planners

Download

#### Stay Connected

Sign Up for Our Free E-Newsletter!

  * Your email address

  * CAPTCHA

  * Email

This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

Δ

#### Recent Posts

  * Probate vs. Trusts: Choosing the Right Path for Your Estate Planning
  * The Power of Legal Counsel: How Attorneys Protect Your Real Estate Investments
  * Real Estate Red Flags: When to Consult an Attorney for Property Matters

### Contact Us

  * Name*

  * Email*

  * Phone*

  * Brief description of your legal issue*

  * CAPTCHA

  * Email

This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

Δ

![](https://ledlawyers.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/02/logo-blue.png)

##### __718-276-6656

__info@ledwidge1.com

###### __Queens

170 26 Cedarcroft Road Jamaica,  
New York 11432

###### __Brooklyn

300 Cadman Plaza West, 12th FL.  
Brooklyn, New York 11201

### Contact Us

  * Name*

  * Email*

  * Phone*

  * Brief description of your legal issue*

  * CAPTCHA

  * Phone

This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

Δ

  * Home
  * Firm Overview
  * Attorney
  * Probate Law
  * Reviews
  * Blog
  * Contact

  * __
  *   * __

**Disclaimer:** The information you obtain at this site is not, nor is it
intended to be, legal advice. You should consult an attorney for advice
regarding your individual situation. Click here for full disclaimer

© Ledwidge & Associates. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy.

Legal Content Marketing and Design by ![](https://ledlawyers.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/02/spotlight-logo-blue.png)

