Skip to content

![Frankel Law Firm Logo](https://frankellaw.wpenginepowered.com/wp-
content/uploads/2017/09/frankel-logo.svg)

**Phone:** (212) 888-5100  Free Case Evaluation

  * Lead Poisoning

    * Lead Poisoning Resources
    * Lead Poisoning Lawyer 

    * Lead Poisoning Articles
    * Testing For Lead Based Paint and Lead Dust In Apartments and Homes – The Case of Lead Dust in a Child’s Crib 
    * Detecting Low Lead Levels In Children 
    * Study Suggest Link of Autism to Prenatal & Early Life Exposure to Lead 

###  Lead Poisoning Questions?

Get Help Now

  * Areas of Practice

    * Auto Accidents 
    * Bicycle Accidents 
    * Burn Injuries 
    * Bus Accidents 
    * Child Injuries 
    * Construction Accidents 
    * Crane Accidents 
    * Defective Products 
    * Elevator Accidents 
    * Lead Poisoning 
    * Lyft Car Accidents 

    * Mediation 
    * Motorcycle Accidents 
    * Nursing Home Neglect 
    * Personal Injury 
    * Police Brutality 
    * Scaffolding Accidents 
    * School Injuries 
    * Slip & Fall 
    * Sports Injuries 
    * Truck Accidents 
    * Uber Auto Accidents 

###  Don’t see the category for your type of case?

Contact Us

  * Our Firm

    * Client Testimonials 
    * Attorneys 
    * FAQs 

    * Verdicts & Settlements 
    * In The Media 
    * Press Releases 

###  We Are Trial Attorneys who get results.

Free Case Evaluation

  * Legal News Magazine

    * Legal News Magazine 
    * Questions on the Law 

###  Stay up to date with our latest news

See Legal News

  * Contact Us

Your browser doesn't support the video tag.

\- Since 1978 -

##  A Legacy of Success Built One Case at a Time

At The Frankel Law Firm, we have the deep experience necessary to win the most
complex legal cases. We'll fight to help you secure the compensation you
deserve

  * Get Help Now

  * $8 Million for Pedestrian Knockdown
  * $3 Million for Lead Poisoning
  * $3 Million for Pedestrian Knockdown
  * 2.6 Million for Lead Poisoning
  * 2.2 Million for Lead Poisoning
  * 2 Million for Lead Poisoning
  * 1.875 Million for Defective Product
  * 1.5 Million for Lead Poisoning
  * 1 Million for Lead Poisoning
  * 1 Million for Lead Poisoning
  * 900,000 for Pedestrian Knockdown
  * 750,000 for Lead Poisoning
  * 700,000 for Lead Poisoning
  * 700,000 for Lead Poisoning
  * $700,000 for Slip & Fall
  * $650,000 for Defective Product
  * 650,000 for Lead Poisoning
  * 600,000 for Lead Poisoning
  * $325,000 for Slip & Fall
  * $300,000 for Pedestrian Knockdown

See More Verdicts & Settlements

#  New York Lead Poisoning & Personal Injury Lawyers

The Frankel Law Firm has been helping victims of lead poisoning and serious
personal injuries for more than 40 years, and we’re proud of that legacy.
During that time, our firm has fought and won precedent setting and landmark
cases including having successfully litigated the case which established the
regulatory liability of a landlord for childhood lead poisoning in New York
City and the liability of a landlord for prenatal exposure of an unborn child
to lead based paint.

We have recovered many millions of dollars for the victims of lead poisoning
and other serious accident cases. If you or someone you love has been poisoned
by lead or injured in a serious accident, please call for a free consultation
with our attorneys.

Learn more about us

\- What we do -

##  Practice Areas

Lead Poisoning  Auto Accidents  Bicycle Accidents  Burn Injury  Bus Accidents
Child Injuries  Construction Accidents  Crane Accidents  Defective Products
Lyft Accidents  Mediation  Nursing Home Neglect  Police Brutality  Scaffold
Accidents  School Injury  Slip and Fall  Sports Injuries  Truck Accidents
Uber Auto Accidents

View All Practice Areas

## Hear what our clients say about us

### Hear what our clients say about us

See All Testimonials

Mr. Frankel headed my team of lawyers in a very complex wrongful firing
dispute. The case lasted several years through hearings, appeals, remand, and
involved many issues of contract interpretation, defamation and corporate law,
Mr. Frankel never lost sight of the ultimate goal and kept his staff and the
other attorneys working on our team focused and on task. He developed the
overall big picture strategy of how to win the case while keeping his
attention focused on the details, as well. A truly superior lawyer who I would
recommend anytime!

William

Mr. Frankel is knowledgeable, professional, down to earth, and easy to speak
to. His team is very accessible and was wonderful to work with. He was
recommended to us as brilliant lawyer who gets results and would hold our hand
throughout our ordeal, which is exactly what he did. He and his staff were so
warm and friendly to us. Nothing was too big or too small for him and they
made a difficult ordeal much easier to get through. I highly recommend the
Frankel Law Firm.

Anonymous

I went to Michael Frankel, after consultation with other high profile lawyers.
All of them refused to take my case, claiming that I could not win. Mr Frankel
on the other hand took my case and we won big. I am so grateful to Michael for
representing me and recommended him very highly. Anyone who hires him will not
regret.

Shoshana

Mr. Frankel and his staff worked tirelessly to succeed on my behalf beyond my
expectations. He is thoughtful, kind and most understanding. A true pleasure
to deal with.

David

Michael Stewart Frankel was my lawyer. He handled my case and my children's
case professionally and won our case. He did not stop until we got the
money!!!! We had a difficult case but, Mr. Frankel fought till the end. I am
very happy with the end result. I would definitely refer him to my friends.

Greta

Mr. Frankel is an Excellent Lawyer! He took on my case when my son was
diagnosed with lead poison. My son was a little under a year old. The family
move around a lot since he took on the case BUT Mr. Frankel NEVER gave up on
my son and I. The Case was time consuming but its FINALLY OVER! We Settled a
short while ago, My son is now 21 years old.. and we are pleased. I give him 5
STARS!

Anonymous

  *   * 

##  VIEW OUR  
CLIENT STORIES

View All Testimonials

Your browser does not support the video tag.

##  Past Verdicts & Settlement

####  $8 Million

Pedestrian Knockdown

####  $3 Million

Lead Poisoning

####  $3 Million

Pedestrian Knockdown

See More Verdicts & Settlement

## Frequently Asked Questions

####  What is lead?

Lead is a heavy metal which, while naturally occurring, has no known benefit
to humans. It is a highly potent neurotoxin which is dangerous for all humans,
and is most dangerous when people are exposed to lead as young children. Lead
poses the greatest danger to children and is often found in old paint or paint
dust, which may be found in older housing, such as in homes or multiple
dwellings built prior to 1978. Lead paint exposure can cause irreversible
brain damage as well as many other health problems, and behavioral or learning
problems.

####  What is lead poisoning?

Lead poisoning occurs when a person (often a young child) inhales or swallows
lead and it accumulates in the person’s body. While the NY Public Health Law
has defined lead poisoning as occurring at a level of 10 µg/dL (micrograms of
lead per deciliter of whole blood) for purposes of overall health policy, the
overwhelming consensus in the scientific community is that even low-dose lead
exposure is dangerous for children and can cause irreversible brain damage.
The CDC has recognized that there is no known safe lead level.

####  What causes lead poisoning in children ?

The most common cause of lead poisoning in children is from peeling, chipping,
or chalking of old paint. A child can be lead poisoned simply by inhaling lead
particles from paint which are airborne in the child’s living environment.
Young children are also exposed through routine hand-to-mouth activity after
they have touched surfaces which were laden with lead paint dust, or by eating
paint chips.

####  Is my landlord legally responsible for my child’s lead poisoning?

A landlord may be held liable for a child’s injuries caused by lead exposure
in the child’s residence if the landlord was aware (or should have been aware)
that a young child was residing there and/or where the landlord knew that the
apartment/house contained a hazardous lead condition and nonetheless failed to
remedy the lead condition.

####  I live in an apartment with a two year lease. Can my landlord evict me
if I sue him as a result of my child contracting lead poisoning?

Being sued for being negligent and poisoning a young child is not typically a
legal basis to evict a tenant with a lease.

####  How does lead paint get from the surfaces of an apartment or home
(walls, windows, doors, etc.) to a child’s blood stream and body organs?

Lead-based paint often peels and chips. Often, lead paint can be found on
surfaces such as door jambs or window sills or other friction/impact surfaces.
Lead paint or dust can easily be sent airborne this way, and a child can then
efficiently ingest the lead paint. Young children are also exposed through
routine hand-to-mouth activity after they have touched surfaces which were
laden with lead paint dust, or by eating paint chips. Once ingested, a young
child’s body efficiently absorbs the lead which is deposited throughout the
child’s body, including the young child’s brain.

See All FAQs

##  Legal News

Following String of Fatalities, Motorized Scooter Operator Revel Prepares for
NYC Relaunch  2 September 2020  New Study Shows Link Between Lead Poisoning
and Genetic Damage  2 September 2020  A New Study Shows Lead Poisoning Effects
May Linger Longer Than Believed  2 September 2020

Read More Law News

##  Request a Free Consultation

Contact Us Today

##  Questions On The Law

The Rights of the Tenant During Lead Abatement – Important Questions and
Answers  Read More  Can I pass a double parked car by driving in the lane for
oncoming traffic?  Read More  Is a NYC building responsible for accidents on
the sidewalk?  Read More

See More Questions On The Law

##  Fill out the form below to find out if you have a case.

Name:

Type of Case:Type of CaseCase Type Not ListedAuto AccidentBicycle AccidentBurn
InjuryBus AccidentChild InjuryConstruction AccidentDefective ProductElevator
AccidentLead PoisoningMediationMotorcycle AccidentNursing Home NeglectPersonal
InjuryPolice BrutalitySchool InjurySlip & FallSports InjuryTruck Accident

Phone Number:

Briefly tell us about your case:Please leave this field empty.

Δ

![Frankel Law Firm Logo](https://frankellaw.wpenginepowered.com/wp-
content/uploads/2017/07/frankel-logo-white.svg)

  *   * 

  * Practice Areas 
  * Lead Poisoning
  * Bicycle Accidents
  * Constuction Accidents
  * Defective Products 

  * Our Firm 
  * Verdicts & Settlements
  * Our Lawyers
  * FAQs
  * Contact

  * Client Testimonials 
  * Legal News 
  * Questions On the Law
  * Press Releases

  * Telephone
  * 212 888 5100

  * Principal Office
  * 100 Church St 8th Floor
  * New York City, New York
  * 10007

  * Bronx Office
  * 1200 Waters Place
  * Bronx, New York
  * 10461

  * (C) 2023 Frankel Law Firm
  * Privacy Policy
  * Sitemap

Site by Werra

This website is attorney advertising. Any testimonial contained in this
website is solely the opinion and/or impressions of the person giving the
testimonial. It should not be construed as a statement of fact or a
representation of any special competence or ability of any attorney. This
website shall not be deemed to be providing legal advice. This website is
intended to provide general legal education and/or news. Nothing contained
herein shall be deemed as establishing an attorney client relationship which
will only be established after the parties agree to such a relationship and
only upon the execution of a formal written and signed retainer agreement.
This law firm practices only in the State of New York.

*Any testimonial contained in this website is solely the opinion and or impressions of the person giving the testimonial and shall not be construed as a statement of fact or representation of any special competence or ability of an attorney.

**Membership, association and/or awards in or by any organization shall not be
construed as representing or implying any specialized or unique competence in
the practice of and/or in any particular area of law. Each case is different
and success in any current or prior case shall not be deemed imply that the
same or similar result may follow in another matter.

***The amount of any recovery, settlement or verdict and/or success of any
legal issue of any prior case shall not be construed as a representation of
the result which will or may be obtained in any other case. Each case has its
own unique and individual facts and legal issues. The success or result of any
prior case does not and shall not be taken or understood as an indication,
illustration and/or predictor, of any similar success in any other case. The
amounts of verdicts and settlements or success on legal issues may be deemed
to illustrate the experience and cases previously handled and shall not be
construed as a predictor of a similar result in any other case. Prior results
do not guarantee a similar outcome. A complete and independent analysis by
counsel of your individual case will be required to assess the merits and
issues presented.

