  * Close 
  * Skip to Content 
  * High Contrast 
  * Increase Text Size 
  * Clear All 

![Gelb & Gelb LLP](/images/logos/Logo.png) ![Gelb & Gelb
LLP](/images/logos/Logo2.png) 877-867-0034

  * Home 
  * Our Firm 
  * Our Team 
    * Gail Kleven Gelb, Esquire
    * Richard M. Gelb, Esquire
    * Daniel K. Gelb, Esquire
    * Natassja S. Reese
  * Practice Areas 
    * Business Litigation
    * Securities Litigation
    * Criminal Defense
    * Regulatory Proceedings
    * Academic & Student Misconduct Defense
    * Domestic Relations / Family Law
    * Probate Litigation / Estate Disputes
  * Publications & Seminars 
    * Publications 
    * Seminars
  * Contact Us 

**Call Us** 877-867-0034

  * Home 
  * Our Firm 
  * Our Team 
    * Gail Kleven Gelb, Esquire
    * Richard M. Gelb, Esquire
    * Daniel K. Gelb, Esquire
    * Natassja S. Reese
  * Practice Areas 
    * Business Litigation
    * Securities Litigation
    * Criminal Defense
    * Regulatory Proceedings
    * Academic & Student Misconduct Defense
    * Domestic Relations / Family Law
    * Probate Litigation / Estate Disputes
  * Publications & Seminars 
    * Publications 
    * Seminars
  * Contact Us 

View Our Locations

**Follow Us**

  *   * 

Search Our Site

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAAAAACH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAICRAEAOw==)

**Our Firm**

# Dedicated Beverly Attorneys for Complex Legal Issues

Gelb & Gelb LLP has been serving clients since 1987. We value our
relationships with our clients and strive to meet the highest standards of
service, communication, and transparency. Our team will get to know you, your
concerns and your individual situation. We examine all aspects of your case
and will answer any questions you have about your rights and legal options.
Our tactical and comprehensive approach to complicated matters provide our
clients with a feeling of confidence in our services.

* * *

**Please call us at (877) 867-0034 to discuss your case. **

* * *

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAAAAACH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAICRAEAOw==)

### Skilled at Trying & Settling Cases

In our years of professional experience, our attorneys have handled over 150
trials combined. We strive to find solutions that meet the needs of your case.

**The following are examples of honors our lawyers have received:**

  * Super Lawyers®
  * Avvo Rating of 10.0 Superb
  * AV® Rated by Martindale-Hubbell®
  * _Boston Magazine's_ "Top Lawyers of 2021"
  * Numerous press and publications
  * The Best of the U.S.'s list of the Best Services Professionals under Family Law and Commercial Litigation

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAAAAACH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAICRAEAOw==)

####  In Recognition of Our Skill in the Courtroom, Our Massachusetts Lawyers
Have Been Honored by the Following:

  * **Super Lawyers® List**

  * **Avvo Rating of 10.0 Superb**

  * **AV® Rated by Martindale-Hubbell®**

  * **Numerous Press & Publications**

  * **The Best of the U.S.'s List of the Best Services Professionals under Family Law and Commercial Litigation**

  * **The Top 100 Lawyers in Massachusetts**

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAAAAACH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAICRAEAOw==)

High-Quality Legal Services

Gelb & Gelb LLP's top priority is to provide quality legal services at
affordable rates for attorneys with our skill and experience. We work hard to
to protect your best interests, and appreciate the impact your matter can have
on your livelihood, personal life and possibly their liberty. Our attorneys
will explain your legal options, make sure that you understand your rights and
we will provide an honest assessment of your case.

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAAAAACH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAICRAEAOw==)
**Publications & Seminars **

We are passionate about professional development and authorship.

Learn More

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAAAAACH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAICRAEAOw==)

####  Contact Us

Use of this form is subject to the terms of the Privacy Policy and Disclaimer
for this website.

  * First Name

Please enter your first name.

  * Last Name

Please enter your last name.

  * Phone

Please enter your phone number.

This isn't a valid phone number.

  * Email

Please enter your email address.

This isn't a valid email address.

  * Yes, I am a potential new client No, I'm a current existing client I'm neither. Are you a new client?

Please make a selection.

  * Message

Please enter a message.

Submit

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAAAAACH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAICRAEAOw==)

  * Home
  * Our Team
  * Practice Areas
  * Publications & Seminars
  * Contact Us
  * Disclaimer
  * Privacy Policy
  * Site Map
  * NY Statement of Client's Rights & Responsibilities

****

877-867-0034  

****

**Follow Us**

  *   * 

  * **Main Office**

900 Cummings Center, Suite 207-V  
Beverly, MA 01915

Map & Directions

  * **Boston Office**

100 Cambridge Street, 14th Floor  
Boston, MA 02114

Map & Directions

  * **New York Office**

405 Lexington Ave  
New York, NY 10174

Map & Directions

The information on this website is for information purposes only. Nothing on
this website should be considered legal advice and prior results do not
guarantee a similar outcome. This website is not intended to create, nor is
the receipt or viewing of it, constitute an attorney-client relationship.
Therefore, you should not transmit any information through this website that
you regard as personal or confidential.

(C) 2024 All Rights Reserved.

![Internet Marketing
Experts](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAAAAACH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAICRAEAOw==)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=560423202922709&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

