![tag](https://sync.extend.tv/conv/?pixel_tag=98)
![tag](https://segment.prod.bidr.io/associate-
segment?buzz_key=sinclair&segment_key=sinclair-1905&value=) (646) 798-4423
(646) 213-1126 917-793-5658

![logo](/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/main-logo.jpg)

×

  * The Firm
    * About Us
    * News
    * FAQs
    * Press Releases
    * Scholarship
  * Practice Areas
    * Personal Injury
      * Car Accidents
      * Truck Accidents
      * Motorcycle Accidents
      * Premises Liability
      * Slip and Fall Accidents
      * Nursing Home Abuse
      * Brain Injuries
      * Back and Neck Injuries
      * Train Accidents
      * Tourist Injuries
      * Wrongful Death
      * See all personal injury practice areas
    * Mass Tort Cases
      * Tylenol Autism Lawsuits
      * Paraquat Lawsuit
      * Philips CPAP Lawsuit
      * Talcum Powder Lawsuit
      * Zantac Lawsuit
      * Baby Formula Lawsuit
      * Camp Lejeune Lawsuit
      * Hair Straightener Uterine Cancer Lawsuit
      * Social Media Harm Lawsuit
      * Ezricare Eyedrops Lawsuit
      * Ozempic Lawsuit
      * See All Mass Tort Cases
    * Construction Injuries
      * Representation for Union Members
      * Workers’ Rights
      * Construction Site Accidents
      * FELA / Railroad Worker Injury
      * See All Work Related Injuries
    * Other
      * Social Security Disability
      * Sexual Abuse
  * Video FAQs
  * Must Know Info
  * Testimonials
  * Results
  * Blog
  * Contact Us

Over $500 Million Recovered

Free Confidential Case Review, No Fees Unless We Recover For You

(212) 779-0057

![logo](/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/main-logo.jpg)

(212) 779-0057

  * The Firm
    * About Us
    * News
    * FAQs
    * Press Releases
    * Scholarship
  * Practice Areas
    * Personal Injury
      * Car Accidents
      * Truck Accidents
      * Motorcycle Accidents
      * Premises Liability
      * Slip and Fall Accidents
      * Nursing Home Abuse
      * Brain Injuries
      * Back and Neck Injuries
      * Train Accidents
      * Tourist Injuries
      * Wrongful Death
      * See all personal injury practice areas
    * Mass Tort Cases
      * Tylenol Autism Lawsuits
      * Paraquat Lawsuit
      * Philips CPAP Lawsuit
      * Talcum Powder Lawsuit
      * Zantac Lawsuit
      * Baby Formula Lawsuit
      * Camp Lejeune Lawsuit
      * Hair Straightener Uterine Cancer Lawsuit
      * Social Media Harm Lawsuit
      * Ezricare Eyedrops Lawsuit
      * Ozempic Lawsuit
      * See All Mass Tort Cases
    * Construction Injuries
      * Representation for Union Members
      * Workers’ Rights
      * Construction Site Accidents
      * FELA / Railroad Worker Injury
      * See All Work Related Injuries
    * Other
      * Social Security Disability
      * Sexual Abuse
  * Video FAQs
  * Must Know Info
  * Testimonials
  * Results
  * Blog
  * Contact Us

# Hear Our Clients’ Stories

Real People. Real Stories. Real Results.

Hach & Rose, LLP > Testimonials

 **Last Updated:** 09-25-2023

Written by:  Michael A. Rose and Gregory Hach

Deciding to take legal action is a big decision, and as such, you want to make
sure you are working with a legal team that you can trust and that has the
experience necessary for your case to succeed. At Hach & Rose, LLP, we have
helped many individuals just like you secure the compensation they deserved
following an accident or injury, and below are actual testimonials from some
of our former clients describing their experience with our firm.

* * *

It was the best decision that I made. They helped me. They walked me through
the process of my case. They were very reliable, and always there when I
needed them. They explained everything in detail. That was the best decision
that I made and I would definitely recommend them.

★ ★ ★ ★ ★

 **Rochelle Charles**

I was very impressed with the way they treated me. One of the main things that
drew me towards the company is that he told me to be honest. That was enough
for me. He took care of me. He basically did everything...

★ ★ ★ ★ ★

 **Keith Gray**

I saw how graceful and how remarkable and how careful Greg and Mike Rose took
care of me and they made me want to come back. It was two people who I hadn't
even met who are willing to fight so hard for me.

★ ★ ★ ★ ★

 **Tommy**

They really did a great job and they stood for me and I have no complaints.
They put me in a financial situation that I'm stable for the rest of my life
and I am very grateful that I had to work with them.

★ ★ ★ ★ ★

 **Andrew Torres**

I came down and I met Michael. Just the feel of the office and reception that
I got and the attention he made. I was talking to a named partner and really
felt comfortable. I knew Hach & Rose took care of a lot of city employees, so
figured they really know their way around this area of the law.

★ ★ ★ ★ ★

 **Hugh McCormack**

It was unbelievable because they do everything the right way. Even the doctors
that I saw were amazing. They did everything beautiful. Everything was
professional, and you need that when you're injured.

★ ★ ★ ★ ★

 **Robert Klein**

My experience was great. My case was handled very professionally. All my
questions were answered and I understood everything about my case and how it
was handled. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend the firm to my friends or
anybody who has been in an accident.

★ ★ ★ ★ ★

 **Yevgieniy Diamant**

Michael felt there was a case. A case was put together, and was ultimately
successful. My family and myself are safe. We are Ok.

★ ★ ★ ★ ★

 **Barry Duke**

I did research and hired Hach & Rose and they did the best for me. They did
their job. They fought for me. They fought for what I wanted, and I'm happy
for my settlement. They did the best job. I would recommend Hach & Rose to
anyone.

★ ★ ★ ★ ★

 **Jesse Soler**

Mr. Rose Really pushed it and pushed it. They tried to offer me a little money
and I said no. He ended up getting me a very nice settlement. I fully
recommend Hach & Rose. They took care of my family, took care of me, and took
care of all my issues.

★ ★ ★ ★ ★

 **Robert Kerr**

They're really good people and I've gotten to know them over the years. My
sister is very confident with them. She's relaxed with them. She feels good
and comfortable with her case and everything.

★ ★ ★ ★ ★

 **Mable Williams**

×

×

×

×

×

×

×

×

×

×

×

Becca ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Excellent lawyers! Top notch!!!"

Thomas Badzio ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Great lawfirm, with some truly amazing people working. Treat you like family
even if that means tough love sometimes. Honest, professional, and thorough.
I'll be back if ever needed."

Katryna Spearman ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I have worked with Ms. Constance Cooper on a number of cases and I have quite
literally never met an attorney who gets as invested in a case as Ms. Cooper.
She is passionate about getting her clients exactly what they deserve and is
willing to put in any amount of time, effort, and research to ensure a case is
handled not just with professionalism, but with perfection."

Carmen Horton ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Hello folks, I hire this company in 2021 but because It was a hit and run
which the company had to find the person (thank goodness I took a picture of
the car plate) who did this and everything else it took time. The staff were
prompt kept me informed on what was going on with my case. Mr. Rose personally
called me quite often within the time frame to advise on the stages of my case
which was favorable. I would highly recommended this company for
representation you will not be disappointed!"

Theresa S ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Nice people!!!!!!!"

Ronit Levin Delgado ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Highly recommended!!"

Different DEP Management, LLC ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Absolutely exceptional!"

natalia hellen ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Recommend"

melissa cuadra ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Thank you mike rose!"

Jennifer C ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Amazing group. Will fight for you."

Pedro Caquias ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Great Service, Recommended."

Alex Phill ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"A Very Great Law Firm Thank You "Jon Connery""

Justin Parker ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Everything was handled incredibly professionally and all expectations were
more than exceeded."

J Rozen ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Had the greatest experience with these guys. They're honest lawyers, a rare
find in NYC."

DYCKMAN DREW ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"GREAT LAWYERS they REALLY work for they’re clients. Would HIGHLY RECOMMEND
for anyone who needs representation."

Alejandro Echeverri ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Helpful during the entire process, and Very informative. Helped through
entire process and answered any questions I had!"

Lani Lapkin ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"This law firm is the best they are customer service oriented, they treat
their clients like gold"

pat fludd ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I will keep it simple ,great law firm, I truly recommend them,"

Marc DeGirolami ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Mike Rose is a very trustworthy person. Can't think of anybody I'd prefer to
represent me."

Stefanie Settle ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Hach and Rose was very professional in helping me handle my legal issues.
Nothing was ever too difficult for them. Thanks guys!"

Stefanie Settle ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Hach and Rose was very professional in helping me handle my legal issues.
Nothing was ever too difficult for them. Thanks guys!"

Steven Medina ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"unbelievable team of lawyers who made my settlement as easy and smooth as
possible. I definitely would recommend this firm."

greg jardine ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Very nice people to deal with and Dave was very easy to work with he did a
great job on my case."

Marianna Krupitsky ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Wonderful staff! Really respectful, nice, and honest attorneys. The waiting
room always smells amazing!"

daniel moore ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Professional, Caring and Honest David Chevri was my Lawyer and at no point
did he not answer my questions or concerns I would highly Recommend Hach &
Rose to anyone"

Edwin Gallegos ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Michael and his team are amazing! They helped me in the best way possible.
Thank you!"

Brandy Bonilla ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"best decision picking hach &rose; to represent they got me the money that i
deserve and they stood on top of my case.i would recommend anyone to use
Hach&Rose;"

LUKE CACCAVO ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I WAS SO HAPPY WITH HATCH & ROSE, LLP !!! THEY MADE IT EASY TO COMMUNICATE
WITH, IF I HAD A QUESTION OR NEEDED TO GET IN TOUCH WITH THEM THEY WERE RIGHT
THERE EVERY TIME !! THEY MADE THE WHOLE EXPERIENCE SMOOTH. THE BEST , PLEASE
GIVE THEM A CHANCE YOU WILL NOT BE UPSET."

Sam Ptashnik ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Hach and Rose was very helpful to my family. They were very repsonsive
whenever we needed them. i couldn’t recommend them more"

Cheryl Williams ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"My Family and I, have found Hach & Rose to be very professional, and
responsive in their assessment , showing great care and concern."

Alliance Appearances ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Amazing was able to close my case before trial and got me more than I
wanted."

75thrangersabn ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Hack and Rose .the best in every way!!!!!! My brothers for life. Sfc. Perry
f. Marchigiani. 221 Dunwoodie st Yonkers New York 10704 914/760/3670 thank you
to all at Hack and Rose"

jahdae Armstrong ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I wanted to stop and take the time to say Thank You For Handling My Case with
Care. I truly appreciate the time put into my case and I appreciate you all
being patient with me throughout the process."

CT BDP ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"All I can say is Mr Rose and his entire team are amazing. I never had to
worry about are things being handled properly or have any doubts in their
ability in handling my case."

James Jackson ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Had the pleasure of meeting George..he is a true gentleman....Dania is one of
the paralegals here and I must say she is so professional and delightful...
Highly recommend to anyone who might need representation."

Freddy Reyes ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I am very satisfied with the firms’ line of service and I appreciate your
help with my case. I was also very satisfied with the outcome. If any of my
family member face any unfortunate situate I would recommend this firm to my
family and friends. Thank you very much Hach & Rose. "

luis resto ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Well let me start by saying that this firm is a kick ass firm very
professional caring and very good at what they do I am or was a client and
will always be great full for very thing this firm did for me from the top
lawyer (Mike)to the receptionist and everyone in between thet handled my case
they handled it very well and cared about my well being and took care of my
present and future so I must thank u all do to your diligent and excellence
and experience I will have a brighter future I would HIGHLY recommend this
firm to you if u want your case handled properly and with care sincerely Luis
Resto"

valerie sonis ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Working with Hach & Rose was the best decision I could have ever made. They
treated me like family and made sure I got the best settlement I could get.
Thanks guys!"

Tim Drago ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I had a very good experience with the lawyers and staff at Hach and Rose they
kept me well informed how the case was progressing the whole time answered all
my questions they made me feel very comfortable like a family member"

Tom Niu ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Hach & Rose is professional, friendly, and supportive throughout my entire
experience with them. Undoubtedly one of the best law firms in the city!"

Vee Bee ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"The staff all were very professional, caring and worked extremely hard for me
the client."

Steven J Harfenist ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I have been doing business with Hach and Rose for the last fifteen years.
They provide excellent service to their clients. They are aggressive and
honest. They get great results"

Al Fri ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I appreciate the professional representation that Hach and Rose gave to me.
Mike Rose and Halina were great. I definitely would refer Hach and Rose to my
love ones."

Olivia Fisher ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"This law firm has helped my family in a time that was very hard for us. They
were responsive and genuinely cared about our problems. We got a result that
made us financially stable"

Hugh McCormack ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Let me put it to you this way: I was seriously injured in a fall from a
partially renovated fire-escape that had been left unfinished for 5 + years.
The first firm I hired, through one of its partners (the associate handling my
case left for another firm) insisted that my injuries wouldn't amount to even
$100,000. I disagreed.I went shopping for another firm. Michael Rose took my
case, and a little less than 2 years later, I received 4 times that amount.Do
I really need to say more?"

Antonio Navarro ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Very considerate Lawferm always very helpful with all my needs ! Even when it
comes to therapy and finding great doctors. Very understanding peoples very
considerate !! I highly recommend them and have been to my friends and family
from my experience with this firm A pleasure of people to work with thank u
guys !!! "

Laura Goldstein ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"What a wonderful experience! The dedicated lawyers and staff at Hach & Rose
went above and beyond. Their patience and understanding was extremely
appreciated. There is no better team to represent you."

Robert Zimmer ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"My name is Robert Zimmer, I recently was introduced to Mr Greg Hack of this
firm. I was very pleased in our discussion about my current situation as a man
that had worked in an industry for over 40 years . Mr Hack's level of
communication between client and lawyer is a compliment in an area where men
like myself do not know , who to talk too or what too ask for. I would
recommend Mr Greg Hack to anyone seeking assistance. His professional
assessment and knowledge was outstanding."

Adam Copland ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"im very greatful for the service the law firm provided me. Mike Rose is great
he fought for a great settlement and was always available to talk to me."

Karen Ptashnik ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"This is the best personal injury firm. I would recommend to anyone. Great
customer service. They care"

Kevin Vandermark ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"The Law Firm OF Hach & Rose They are one of us they are union lawwyers
through and through the mind set the understanding . and most of all the
respect, that we work to keep everyday they get it .And after 3 Surgerys it
was long and painfull However they were always there with answers and to take
care of what they needed to so i could focus on healing GOD BLESS , KEVIN V"

Zev Goldstein ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"We worked together with attorney Michael Ross and the Hach & Rose Law Firm,
on personal injury cases. The quality of their work is phenomenal, and we
highly recommend them."

Keri-Sue Lewis ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Halina did an amazing job, was very clear about the whole process, and put me
at ease since it was my first personal injury case. She didn't promise
anything she couldn't do and exceeded my expectations with the settlement
outcome. I would definitely recommend her at Hach & Rose."

Curtis Tunnell ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Great! Although Hach & Rose, LLP has many Team Members, my experience with
both Anthony H who I call Esquire, & Filomena who Fullfills The Means, is
greatly appreciated. Importantly is that they know the Rules & have many
resources such as Doctor's, Physical Theropists, and Personal Help. With
consistant Follow-ups, I had to tell them that; "No News Is Good News!"
However, they kept their Follow-ups from beginning thru the end. I'm now
Sitting On Top Of A Gold Mine! Thanks to the Hach & Rose, LLP."

Theresa E ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I was lucky to find Hach & Rose when I decided to obtain legal counsel. They
were diligent and didn't let obstacles interfere with a positive end result.
Mike involved me when necessary but did not involve me in every detail. This
was important as it allowed me to focus on other areas of my life which was
part of the healing process."

Max Mac ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I met Michael Rose 2years go SUPER TOP amazing lawyer and good freind treat
me like family got hurt construction accident the progress that they doing for
me is extremely amazing help me out Tru all my financial problems Thank U so
much Michael Rose i apricate the world out U I will recommend Hatch and Rose
to the World the staff that they got is super Professional. Thank U Hatch and
Rose...."

Aleksandr Krymskiy ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"This is a really great firm. When I was involved in an accident, they
answered all my questions, explained the process and routinely followed up
with progress updates. I would highly recommend any attorney from this firm.
They make you feel comfortable in a difficult time."

Jennifer Milian ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I am so happy that I used the Hach & Rose firm. The whole staff was
supportive and very knowledgeable. I felt like I was in great hands every step
of the way which helped me and my family move forward!"

Paul Stevens ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I was in a bad scaffold accident back in 2012, it's not a time in my life
that I like to look back at, but I am thankful that I am still alive. I was in
tremendous pain when I called the law firm of Hach & Rose, so Michael Rose
himself came to the hospital to see me. That alone meant so much to me, he
assured me that they will handle the case on behalf while I focus on my
recovery. In the end, I was happy with the compensation and I am thankful that
I have the financial security to support my family. Although I have not fully
recovered, my life is back on track and I get to play with my kids again.
Thank you guys so much.It is refreshing to have a lawyer and a friend for
life. Thanks from Paul and family."

wezie13 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"This firm deserves 5 stars x10 for all the assistance, kindness and shown!"

Michael Fineman ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I have known Greg Hach and Michael Rose for several years and have found them
to be two of the most knowledgable, diligent, hard working, and successful
personal injury lawyers I have ever met. I have referred my clients to their
office whenever a personal injury question comes up, and will continue to do
so. I highly recommend Hach and Rose to anyone looking for an outstanding
personal injury lawyer."

Peter C Cass ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Originally I Had a different attorney for my case. Was hit from behind by a
car while I was commuting on my bike. This attorney was recommend by an
employee at my doctor’s office. He only called me once. I called several
times. In the end I realized that he didn’t care. It was hard to believe that
he didn’t care. Once I got that through my head, I began searching the
nternet. I came across to Hach and Rose LLP. I spoke to Mr.Michael Ross. It
was later on in the afternoon and I was surprised when he asked to see me
then. It was a welcome surprise, of course, an instant indication to me about
their willingness to help. I wasted no time and went to the office. He got all
the information I had and started my case immediately. I knew from the start
that I was in good hands. I felt confident. I kept getting calls, and updates
in the mail. I was never left hanging or waiting or wondering.Hach and Rose
cared. I want to thank you for being so profetional and helpful. Michael,
please know I trusted in you from the start, from our first meeting. I knew it
would be a matter of time. Thank you very much again, and my regards to your
staff.Best regards, Peter Cass5"

Jean Pierre Velasquez ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"This is hands down the best law firm in New York, Jonathan Connery was my
attorney and he was super responsible and responsive with all my needs, very
honest and friendly with my case. My case was settled within a year and I
couldn’t ask for a quicker turnaround, don’t look for any other law firm and
come to hach and rose! Make sure you look for Jonathan as your attorney!
Thank"

rachael emrich ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I was severely injured in an accident. I hired a lawyer recommended by a good
friend of mine. I quickly realized that they were unqualified and I was not
happy with my interaction with them. I called Hach and Rose, Mike Rose handled
my case and did an amazing job with my settlement."

John Ryan ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Hach & Rose treated me with the utmost importance and respect in every aspect
of my case. Never being in a situation like this before they walked me through
the legal process and helped make difficult decisions that eventually would
make my future secure. The team they have always looked out for my best
interests."

Kevin Joyce ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Hach and Rose was highly recommended to me by a friend for my personal injury
case. I am the typical “New Yorker” that doesn’t trust people easily and is
skeptical of everything. They were there for me throughout every step of my
case during a very tough time in my life and career. No question was ever too
big, too small, or annoying to them and going through a process like this you
will have many questions that need to be answered. Mike Rose and his team
ALWAYS treated me with the utmost respect and compassion. They are the same
people before and after everything is over. I am blessed to have the best in
the business in my corner!"

Nelson Rojas ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"David Chevrie attorney at Hach&Rose.Is; definitely recommend in my book. In
my case which no other lawyer wanted to look at. I thanks attorney David for
not only taking my case but tackle it in a way that got me a great settlement,
I will recommend David to anyone who needs an attorney."

Courtney Pizzimenti ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I came across Hach & Rose online after a workplace injury. I’m only 24 years
old and have never been involved in a lawsuit before so I had no idea what to
expect or how it works. Dave Cheverie was extemely professional and so
pleasant to work with throughout this experience and made things so seamless
and easy for me. I could not be happier with the outcome of my case! I would
100% reccommend him and this firm to anyone needing help with a workplace
injury like I did."

Janet Caban ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I recieved great service, honest and open communication. Mr. Rose made me
feel that I was in reliable capable hands. Michael always returned my calls
and I received suitable compensation for my injuries. Outstanding firm ! Thank
you Michael."

Maddie Wiederkehr ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Customer service is amazing. They treated me like family from start to
finish"

D-mAN ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Hach & Rose, LLP is a professional law firm that took time with my case. They
got me the best settlement for my case. I would use them in the future and
recommend them to friends and family. LOVE YOU GUYS."

Adrienne Lugo ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I never been in the situation I found myself in 2013 when I had a slip and
fall at my work place, I didn't know what to do or how I was going to live,
but since the very first day I stepped into the office of Hach & Rose they
made me feel so relaxed & they welcomed me with open arms they reassured me
everything was going to be okay. I have to say the very first tine I met
Mr.Michael Rose he was warm, friendly and so down-to-earth.He made me smile
immediately and he made sure I was comfortable and he reassured me he would
everything in his power to make sure he would get the best results in my case.
Mr.Rose explained everything in detail and made sure I understood & was
comfortable before going forward in every single aspect of my case. Mr. Rose
and team has made such an impact on my life, they have changed my life forever
and I'm ever so grateful to them. I cannot thank you and your team enough for
all you did for me. It has been such a long road, but I have been so blessed
to have Mr.Michael Rose , Mr.John Blythe and Team holding my hand the whole
time and stood by my side. Mr Rose worked so hard on my case and did not stop
until he made sure I would find my pot of gold at the end of my rainbow. Thank
you so much . If anyone needs a Law firm to represent them I recommend you
give Hach and Rose a call because they will work hard for you and they will
not let you down. I PROMISE I feel like I made life long friends & family with
Mr.Micheal Rose & Team Adrienne Lugo"

Emily Klainberg ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I was dealing with the insurance company regarding the accident until they
offered me a pittance for my damaged clothing. A friend recommended Michael
Rose and it was a fabulous recommendation. Mr. Rose is caring, responsive, and
a fantastic lawyer. He was able to get me more than 9 times (just like those
commercials) of what the insurance company offered. He keeps you aware of what
is happening and responds quickly to your calls. I highly recommend him. If
you need a personal injury lawyer call him ASAP. You won't regret it."

Iccius Harley ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Ms. H. Radchenko is amazing. She kept me in the loop through the entire
process and made sure she was available to answer any questions I had. She
really fought for me and went above and beyond to make sure I was aware of
every step, before they were taken. Great law firm, very kind people. If I
ever needed legal assistance again, I'd definitely seek Hach & Rose out.
Highly recommend "

Brendan Daly ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Hach and Rose just completed my personal injury (construction) case and I am
very pleased with the results, their hard work, and integrity. In 2014, I
tripped and fell over debris at a construction site. I had a serious hand
injury that required surgery and kept me out of work for months. Hach and Rose
and their attorney John Blyth took over my case and handled everything while I
was focusing on my recovery. Hach and Rose worked diligently to make sure
every detail was covered. I'm very grateful for their representation and I
highly recommend Hach and Rose and John Blyth to anyone seeking a professional
personal injury firm. Thank you very much for caring for my well-being, I am
forever grateful."

Marina ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I had the pleasure of working with Mr. Michael Rose. The outstanding
cooperation and diligence from Hach & Rose law firm is without a doubt the
best one yet. Mr.Rose is extremely knowledgeable and very professional. I
would highly recommend this law firm."

Courtney Luria ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I was involved in a motor vehicle accident. I am so happy that I chose Hach &
Rose to represent me. From the very first day they worked hard on my case and
informed me at every step of the process. The attorney assigned to my case,
John, promptly returned my phone calls and was always pleasant and
professional. At the end of my case, they were able to obtain a great result.I
would recommend Hach & Rose to all my friends and family if they were injured
in a car accident."

Sean ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I recently consulted with Mr. Hach on a legal matter that would have a great
impact on my life. He was unwaveringly honest with me, putting my interests
first and foremost. He spelled out my options clearly, advised me without
regard to what might better benefit his firm, and supported me 100% in my
decision. Thanks to the help of Mr. Hach and his team, I was able achieve the
outcome for which I had hoped. I will be forever grateful.Should you ever
require the services of this firm, be confident that you will be working with
people of the utmost integrity, and who will always put your interests first."

Kitty S ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I was hurt in an accident on the job and could no longer continue to work.
Hach & Rose did a wonderful job of getting me the best possible settlement.
they were very nice and very understanding to my needs. they worked diligently
on my case and always returned our pone calls in a timely manner. I would
highly recommend them."

Cristian Maria Rodriguez Cruz ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Hach & Rose it’s a great firm even though my case took longer than what we
thought they guided me through all the steps. I’m so happy with their
service."

Point God ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"GREAT people OUTSTANDING Results. A Few Days After My Injury Mr.Rose Himself
Came To Visit Me At My Home and From There Him and His Staff Took Care Of
Everything Needed Until The Very End."

Tim Kircher ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I was hurt on the job and after my first meeting with the lawyers of Hach &
Rose I knew I was going to be ok. They were dedicated, knowledgeable,
hardworking, and genuinely cared about the best interest of myself and my
family. I had the pleasure of working with Mike Rose and John along with other
staff members of the law firm. They did a great job on my case gettting me a
fair settlement to ensure the financial future of my family and take a heavy
burden off of my mind. I don't think I could ever find the right words to
express the gratitude that I feel toward this law firm. I would recommend them
highly to friends and family. If you choose Hach & Rose you are choosing
people who will care for you and take care of you."

Salman Sayeed ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"This is a comprehensive review about my case. I was involved in a motorcycle
accident in 2017. At a first glance, people would blame a motorcycle for
causing an accident regarding the way they ride, but in my case I was the one
riding. I had a fracture on my ankle which required me to be in the hospital
for couple of days. Once the cops showed up after the accident, they thought
it was my fault without even knowing the facts. Once I started to look to hire
an attorney to fight my case, based on the previous reviews, I chose Hach &
Rose to represent me in this matter. Michael Rose and Mark Sokoloff heard my
situation and promised a positive outcome. My case was taken by John Blyth. He
is a professional along with all the other attorney's and staff. Please be
aware that complicated cases take a lot of time to get settled unless it is an
open and shut case. If you are planning to use this firm, I would absolutely
suggest you to. I would definitely recommend this firm to my friends and
family if they require and you should too."

Salvatore Di Puma ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Cannot praise this firm enough. Mike Rose went above and beyond for me. He
was always available to take my calls and was always honest and respectful. I
felt well taken care of and the results from my case were better than I
thought possible. Highly recommend this firm for anyone who needs help with
personal injury claims."

Brendanf. S Lewis ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I was a client of Hach & Rose with Micheal Rose as my lawyer. Everyone from
the firm was always professional and nice. I would like to take this
opportunity to tell you what a thoroughly, exceptional job he did for me in my
accident case. Micheal Rose was the complete professional in the handling of
my case. The stressful time I was going through was made so much easier
because of Micheal Rose guiding me through the process with patience,
compassion and dignity. Never was there a time I called Micheal Rose and he
did not call me back immediately. I owe a debt of gratitude to Micheal Rose
for his service. Personally I feel that I could not have been in better hand.
Thank you Micheal Rose, David, Amanda & anyone else from the firm that
participated in my case. I am very grateful, thankful, and very satisfied with
the outcome of my settlement."

Andrey Demidov ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I met Gregory Hach after he gave a speech at my law school on what he
believed to be key values for an attorney. In the years that followed Ive
gotten to know Greg well. He was nice enough to become my mentor and help
guide me through the beginning of my own legal career. Throughout that time
Greg always stressed honesty and integrity. The family like atmosphere at Hach
& Rose is truly inspiring. Would recommend them to anyone."

Steven Radchenko ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I was involved in a really bad car accident while a passenger in an Uber
vehicle. I was so glad that I chose Hach & Rose to represent me. My attorney
walked me through the process and helped me find a doctor who accepted no
fault insurance. I was able to get really good medical care because of their
help. I am grateful to the firm for their guidance and care. I would recommend
them to any of my friends and family."

Pez Stephens ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I hired hired Hach & Rose to represent me in an auto accident case and they
did so with professionalism, integrity, outstanding knowledge and gave me
great advise to bring my case to a very successful conclusion. The attorneys
at Hach & Rose and staff professionals walked me through the process, and
answered all of my questions, no matter how trivial. From the very beginning,
The firm's confidence, and perhaps most important, knowledge of No-Fault
insurance law/benefits were evident. Should you find yourself, or a loved one,
in need of No-Fault Insurance benefits, you could not find a better law firm
and/or team to represent you. Very highly recommended!""

Cierra Whelan ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Thank you so much to Michael Rose and the whole Hach & Rose team. I wasn't
sure where to start with my injury but I reached out to their firm based on
research I did on local law firms. I was so happy with the work they did and
they really walked me through the process. My case is almost all wrapped up
and I'm very pleased with the results. Thank you for your help!"

Chris Cline ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Hach & Rose has been great from the very beginning. My attorney was Michael
Rose, who was very attentive and friendly. He was very honest and open, and
more than willing to answer any questions I had. Never made me feel like I had
a stupid question. They settled my case in less than a year which is amazing.
I am very appreciative of all the work he and his team put in!"

Dana Morello ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Extremely professional and knowledgeable law firm who specializes in complete
customer service. Mr. Rose was informative and transparent every step of the
case. He personally stayed in contact throughout the duration of the claim and
periodically checked in with us giving timely updates and "next steps". There
was excellent, respectful communication from all employees. A true partnership
- I highly recommend!"

Brianne Porpora ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I had the privilege to work first hand with Mike Rose and his team after
being recommended by a friend. I was humbled by the character of everyone who
worked there. They were attentive, empathetic and helped my family and I get
the best outcome for what we went through. They fought for me and I will be
forever grateful for Hach and Rose because of there service."

Varsha Lockhart ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I had a great and easy going experience. My attorney was Mrs Halina
Radachenko. She was brilliant and responsive. Hach& Rose has very good energy.
The day I walked into the office. I seen that I could trust them. As my
lawyers to represent me. They make you feel comfortable and confident.
Explaining every question or concerns. Hach & Rose was also professional but
down to earth. Which made it very easy connection. Then and when my family
came at hard times. Hach & Rose also made sure. That our financial hardship
was at ease. Hach&Rose; is a great law firm. Not only because they win. Its
because they honestly care. Hach & Rose are professionals.About their work and
clients. I would definitely recommend Hach & Rose. I believe they are the best
at what they do. Definitely will use them again. If ever needed to do so.
Thank you Hach & Rose for everything. You guys are amazing."

Calvain Lopez ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"If you want competent legal representation that is trustworthy and reliable,
take your legal needs to Hach & Rose LLP. They took care of my case and fought
to get me the best possible compensation. They kept me informed every step of
the way and explained all the legal jargon in a more straightforward form that
I could understand. Special thanks to Micheal Rose and Jonathan Connery, they
were very instrumental in the successful accommodation I received."

Deanna Melnick ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"My experience with Hach & Rose exceeded all of my expectations. After
extensively researching potential personal injury lawyers, I chose this firm
to represent my case. The reviews I read convinced me that the firm had the
knowledge and background in slip and fall accidents, which was how I was
injured.I reached out and was able to schedule a consultation
forthwith.Immediately after being introduced to my lawyer, Natasha Berg, I
knew that I had made the right choice. It was the first time that I had ever
filed a lawsuit so I did have my doubts. She assured me that I had a viable
case and that her law firm had the expertise to deliver a positive solution.
She walked me through the entire process and made sure that I knew I could
reach out to her at any time with any questions. Natasha was reliable,
efficient, and most importantly, made me feel extremely comfortable. She was
an amazing person to work with.We won my case and it settled for more than I
had originally anticipated!I recommend Hach & Rose for anyone who needs a law
firm to represent them on a personal injury accident. I was so reluctant to
file a law suit but it turned out to be an opportunity for a fresh start."

Trini- Girl ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I was recommended to Hach & Rose, LLPin NY by another attorney from NJ. I
called the office and received an operative immediately. The office was
flexible and accommodated to meeting with me outside of their designated
office hours. David, the first lawyer, was very helpful and knowledgeable
about my case. He explained my situations and options in terminology I could
understand. The office communicated often and in detail about the status of
the case, without me asking! They showed true dedication and attention to my
case and needs. Aaron was assigned to my case and we connected at first
conversation as he eagerly answered all my questions. It was clear they had a
strong knowledge of the law and were compassionate to the needs of their
customers. I would definitely recommend Hach & Rose, LLP, especially Attorney
Aaron to anyone and will continue to use their services as needed in the
future. Thank you and your awesome team #HACH&ROSE;,LLP #AARON. Your Para-
Legal team is AMAZINGGGGGGGG"

Bart Koterba ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Thank you to John Blyth and his team who represented us in a car accident
case. John is very knowledgeable and professional. He guided us through the
whole settlement process explaining every step of the case. He and his team
were always available to answer our questions. I highly recommend hiring him
if you are looking for an attorney!"

freda itua ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I actually came across Hach & Rose one night after desperately looking for a
new Personal Injury Lawyer. The lawyer I had at the time was unresponsive and
somewhat apathetic. Anyway, I filled out an inquiry on their website and
Michael Rose called me immediately!! This had to be around 9:30pm, talk about
dedication to the job! From that point on, I knew I was in good hands. Michael
gave me his personal number and he was always just a phone call or text
message away. He, along with everyone else at the firm, worked effortlessly to
get me the compensation I deserved. Michael is professional, diligent, and
committed. Oh he's also verrryyy funny! Overall, he and his team put me at
ease and I highly recommend this firm to represent you, you won't regret it!
Thank You Hach and Rose <3"

Liz Sweibel ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Hach & Rose is wonderful to work with: responsive, clear, and super-capable.
Andrew Laskin is excellent. Easy to recommend this attorney and firm."

Khadija Skhir ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I really want to thank Hach & Rose for their help. My accident was one of the
most stressful times in my life, and I truly had no idea where to turn or how
to handle everything. A friend of mine recommended Hach & Rose, and I’m so
glad I called them. It was a huge relief to have that weight taken off my
shoulders. Thank you for everything."

Angela Tripoli ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"My husband is a construction worker and was injured when he fell over some
tools that had been left out. He hurt his back badly and won't be able to work
for months. We needed a good attorney who could help us with the workers comp
case and one of his coworkers recommended Hach and Rose. The attorneys are
very knowledgeable and let me know that our case is worth a lot more than we
initially thought. They've been very helpful and responsive. I would
definitely recommend Hach and Rose if you are looking for help with a workers
compensation case."

D B ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Mike Rose is the best lawyer in the USA. He's very professional , respectful
& empathically , communicates clearly & responds within reason to your calls.
I would definitely recommend Mike Rose to my family , friends and anyone else
that's in need of the best lawyer & law firm in New York State. Words can't
express how much. I greatly appreciate Mike Rose & thank him. Mike Rose,
THANKS for everything you have done for me. Forever grateful !!!"

NYC Guy ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I used Hach & Rose to represent me after a bicycling accident. I am extremely
pleased with the service they provided to me. The initial advice was helpful
in the aftermath of the accident, I received useful guidance at each step. My
case was resolved much quicker than I expected with a good result.Michael Rose
is knowledgeable professional who gave my case his personal attention. I plan
to recommend him in the future if my friends need legal services."

S R ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Great Law firm. I was involved in a labor law case where I was injured on a
construction site. The injury took place 2014 and after 5 years my case was
going no where with my previous firm. However I decided to switch my law firm
to Hach and rose 1 year ago and we were able to settle for a lot more than
what I expected. My attorney was very informative, responsive, and
professional from beginning to end. I highly recommend Hach and Rose!"

Ivette Francis ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I had such a great experience with Hach & Rose. John was patient and caring
for me during a very difficult time. My settlement was much more than I
expected. I am grateful to have chosen them!"

Jeff McClelland ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"After reviewing several law firms for my Personal Injury case, I met with
Hach & Rose and Michael Rose, Attorney and his team. I was immediately at ease
and trusted their opinion of my case and knew they would have my best
interests at heart. As my case progressed, Hach & Rose kept me up to date on
all actions they were taking, the status of the case of the aggressive stance
and filings they were pursuing on my behalf. Even as Covid hit and a massive
slow down occurred within the court system in NY, Hach & Rose stayed
aggressive and looked for ways to bring my case to a settlement/conclusion.
Which in July 2021, they were able to settle my case successfully and to my
100% satisfaction. I cannot recommend Hach & Rose and in particular Mike Rose
any higher. In short they are firm, fair, aggressive, responsive, super smart
and know the numerous ins and outs of Personal Injury cases (which can be
quite complicated). Upon hiring them you get a law firm that will leave you
confident that your case will be handled expertly and with your interests
front and center. After time you'll also realize that you've not only gained a
great law firm and advocate, you've gained a group of trusted friends that you
can count on for years to come. Thank you Hach & Rose and Mike Rose for doing
an amazing job with my case!"

Joan Oakley ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Thank you Michal Rose and the entire Hach & Rose team who helped my family
and I through a very challenging time in our lives. We appreciate your
professionalism and dedication to your clients best interests. I wish I could
give you more than 5 stars, you all certainly earned it."

Brian Schachter ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"The lawyers at Hach & Rose held my hand through a very difficult process and
kept me from losing hope. More importantly they got me top dollar for my
settlement. Always available to speak to anytime I had a question or problem,
great responsive staff, took the time to explain things and never made me feel
like I was taking too much of their time or asking dumb questions. Honestly,
lawyer Mike Rose and his staff became my second family during my lawsuit and
beyond. Thanks again."

Tiffany Tucker ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I greatly appreciate the expertise and professionalism that Michael Rose and
his firm offered. The entire team was pleasant, knowledgable and very kind.
Michael himself was wonderful at easing my nervousness when going to this a
little blind and with many emotions. His candor and responsiveness was truly
appreciated. If I could give 10 Stars, I certainly would! Hach & Rose will be
my go to firm if I ever need their expertise again!!"

Christopher D'Anna ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I cannot say enough good things about Hach & Rose, but specifically John
Blyth. John handled my case with the utmost professionalism and provided great
guidance throughout the process. From our initial meeting until resolution,
John was a great advocate for my case and I truly appreciate his client
focused approach to conducting his business. I am grateful for the services he
provided and would chose him again in a heartbeat."

Kevin Francis ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Short story:Hach and Rose is an AMAZING law firm. It would be a mistake to go
anywhere else in my opinion! They're experts in this space. I got a nice 6
figure settlement. From the date of the accident until I got paid was about 4½
years and it might have been maybe a year and a half shorter. It was extended
due to the health crisis.Long story:I'm a Union Electrician in NYC and
unfortunately I had an accident at work. My accident kept me out of work for
nearly 2 years. Somehow, I came across the law firm of Hach and Rose. I'm
pretty sure it was through a Google search.When I contacted them, they were
quick to get back to me and we set up a consultation. They looked over my case
and they decided to take it.Hach and Rose and their team were ABSOLUTELY
AMAZING from beginning to end! They kept me up to speed on everything I needed
to be kept up to speed on. They were always responsive to my questions about
the case and in general the staff is compromised of some really great
people.Going into this I had no idea what the process would be but they
managed to make the whole thing run smoothly. The preparation for my case was
brilliant.In the end, my case was settled for a LIFE CHANGING amount and I'm
MORE than satisfied. I feel whole again.My attorney was Aaron H. Also involved
in my case were Genesis, and Filomena. AMAZING guys. I thank you and my family
thanks you.I highly recommend Hach and Rose and I wouldn't hesitate to use
them again if the situation arises."

Camryn Leigh-Manuell ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I can not thank everyone at Hach & Rose enough. Their professionalism is
unmatched. I highly recommend this firm, they truly care about their clients."

Vanessa Mitton ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Thank you to all at Hach & Rose who worked with me throughout my personal
injury case. Especially my attorney, Michael Rose, who understood all of my
anxieties through the process. I am very happy with the result they were able
to get for me. I highly recommend this firm as they truly care about their
clients."

Chris H. ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I am so grateful to have Hach & Rose representing me. When you’ve been in an
accident, especially one in which you’ve been seriously injured, it is
physically, financially, and emotionally stressful on so many levels. It
impacts every aspect of your life.When I first started working with Mike Rose
and his team, I was really overwhelmed by the complexity of my case. Mike was
very patient with me, and he listened carefully to my concerns. He expressed
empathy for what I was going through, and he fully explained what I could
expect as my case works its way through the New York State Court system.I
can’t even begin to tell you what a relief it is to know that Mike and his
team are doing everything possible for me from a legal perspective. It’s as
though a huge weight has been lifted off my shoulders. His work is thorough,
he communicates very efficiently, and I have complete confidence in his
integrity. I trust him 100%."

Danielle Mezzardi ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Hach & Rose has been a great firm and has handled all my needs and any
questions I may have had during my time with them.I highly would highly
recommend them to my friends and family. With other firmed out there, Hack &
Rose attorneys and paralegals all know you personally and don't treat you like
a number. They treat you like a real person with needs.Again, I Highly
recommend them for your l legal needs."

Krystal Henry ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Yeah I thought they knew what they was doing but for some reason Nina won’t
call me back it’s been months I have told them It was a problem and they
needed to call the surgeon office to handle this she said she did and now I
have a 12k doctor bill we have a problem and someone needs to fix it ASAP ok
so I’m happy to say that my lawyer office has started to fix the problem and
so far it’s going well just waiting to make sure I won’t be held liable for
that medical bill"

Eugenia N. ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Highly recommended! The accident and subsequent hospital stay were a
traumatic experience but having H&R; represent me, put me at ease and let me
focus on recovery. John Blyth and his team handled my case swiftly and with
utmost professionalism."

Daniel Garcia ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"The greatest Lawyers on this planet especially Mike rose . They very hands on
they will tell u the truth about your case never force you to do anything that
u are not comfortable with. They make you feel like family. Mike rose was
alleyway in contact with me when I needed him. From the first day I met him I
ask him for honesty and to us to have a open line of communication and he kept
his word. If a person can keep their word it says a lot of about him and
everyone who works under him. If you are looking for a lawyer who will be
honest, hard working ,dedicated to get the best results for you please don’t
over think it this lawyer firm will not let you down. Thank you so much mr
rose and everyone else who work on my case you have truly changed my life in
every way"

J.O ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Thank you Michael Rose and the entire Hach & Rose team who helped my family
and I through a very challenging time in our lives. We appreciate your
professionalism and dedication to your clients best interests. I wish I could
give you more than 5 stars, you all certainly earned it."

Gerald ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Michael Rose represented me in a personal injury automobile accident I was
involved in. I was not at fault, suffered multiple injuries, and my friend's
car was destroyed. The other party's insurance company initially would not
provide any coverage and I had to endure 2 surgeries and physical therapy for
4 years. Michael Rose was there consistently from start to completion and
secured me a fair & honest settlement for over $1 million dollars. He worked
with me in a consistent and efficient manner during the entire process. I
could not have asked for better and I highly recommend him and his team."

Roy ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"My case was a small part of a much larger legal situation, but my borrowed
car was completely totaled in an accident. I still got "big client" treatment
from Michael and his team. I highly recommend him. He's professional,
knowledgeable, and has a great support team around him. My case went on for
over 3 years, but he was unwavering in his commitment to get me a well-
deserved settlement."

J.M. ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"5 Stars across the board. They were willing to help me in anyway they could.
They provided me with answers where no one else could. I never felt rushed
being as they took the time to answer all of my questions and provided me with
the valuable advice that I desperately needed. If you’re tired of getting the
run around and being treated like a statistic, then these are definitely the
guys to go to. A+++!!!"

E.K. ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I was injured in a car accident and was dealing with the insurance company
until they offered me a pittance for my damaged clothing. A friend recommended
Michael Rose. I can't thank her enough for the recommendation. Mr. Rose is a
caring, responsive and extremely competent lawyer. He is responsive to calls
and keeps you updated on the activities of the case. He got a settlement
almost 10 times more than what the insurance company offered. I highly
recommend him. He makes you feel as if you are his number one client. If you
need a personal injury lawyer, Michael Rose is THE lawyer to use."

E.M ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Very satisfied with Mr. Rose representing me few years back."

B.R ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Nothing I can write could ever explain how excellent this Law firm is. I give
all who work there my utmost Respect! Trust! And Admiration. Thanks for
everything!"

R.L ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I found Hach and Rose Law Firm to be special not only as a Law Firm but as a
business in General. My reasoning – there ability to stay consistent with the
problems and persistent with the mundane subjects, phone calls, and computer
information sent to them that they had to refer to. Not once did this cease at
all in the most mundane subject they gave their attention. The operators who
took my defensive calls never became offensive as I would have. Michael was
not to be believed, really he was outstanding, and personal, at the same time
professional. I’m not saying these things to flatter or influence their the
truth."

P.M ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"All my brothers at hach and rose are the best. Airborne all the way. Perry.
Your brother for life"

F.R ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I send all my friends and co-workers to your firm. I am very satisfied with
the firms line of service. thank you very much."

S.Q ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Excellent! very professional and I feel like you all really did a great job.
Russell was awesome. Thank you"

E.G ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"My experience was excellent. They’re professional and very caring, the
best!!"

B.W ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Super professional!!"

R.G ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"The BEST law firm in NYC! Dedicated, honest, and extremely professional. They
are hands on and they have an incredible staff!"

B.R ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I would recommend this company to anyone, they are true professionals. All
the staff at Hach and Rose treated my family and I with the utmost respect.
You won’t find a better law firm anywhere!"

D.M ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"You all did such a wonderful job!"

R.W ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"Although I never had the opportunity to meet Filomena, she was always the
kind voice on the phone who answered my questions and made sure that Michael
Rose got in touch with me when I needed to talk to him."

G.S ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I just wanted to thank you very much for helping me after I had my car
accident. It was a difficult time for me, and you were all very helpful. Your
kindness and compassions gave me a peace of mind during the lawsuit. I am very
grateful to have had such a professional and reliable firm guide me with
understanding and patience these past three years. It was a pleasure to meet
Michael Rose, who, for me, was a guiding light through the tunnel."

T.S ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"I was lucky, and didn’t have to look far when I needed help. My local (union)
had a great lawyer to help me and my family. I didn’t have to concentrate on
anything but getting healthy, they took care of the rest"

R.R ★ ★ ★ ★ ★

"When I needed legal advice, I went to HACH & ROSE . . . Thanks, you sure made
my life easier."

C.P

"I steered clear of a large law firm because I heard horror stories about how
difficult it is to reach a live person and how the average client is treated
like a piece of cattle. They [HACH & ROSE] were available whenever I needed to
discuss my case, and I was very happy with the amount of money I received. If
I couldn’t reach them on the phone they always returned my call later that
same day."

C.C

"My wife, daughter and I were in a car accident. My wife was badly injured.
From the moment we contacted your office, I felt like a huge weight was off my
shoulders; your office helped us complete all of our insurance and medical
paperwork, answered all of our questions and made a difficult situation much
easier to handle. Thanks."

C.G

"My case was not a very big one, and I knew it. However, I was treated like I
was their most important client…"

C.F

"When my husband was diagnosed with Mesothelioma, we were in shock. After
answering all of our questions, Mr. Hach’s words to me were ‘simply to take
care of your husband, and let us worry about everything else.’ His words
allowed me to enjoy my husband while he was still with us."

S.P

"I don’t know how they do it. They knew more about my case and my life than I
did. When it came to mediate my case, I saw how important knowing all of this
information really is "

G.D

"Union lawyers for union members, they are true professionals."

B.L

"Not feeling comfortable that my case was being handled properly at another
firm, I chose to switch to Hach & Rose. It was the second best decision of my
life (after marrying my wife of course)"

R.F

"Some lawyers talk down to their clients, but Hach & Rose made me feel
comfortable that my case would be handled with the utmost care and diligence
while treating me like a person and not a number."

R.K

"Being able to call and speak to an attorney at a moment’s notice is, to me,
confidence inspiring. There were no endless, recorded loop telephone systems
to deal with. I always had the chance to speak with a live, courteous and
knowledgeable person."

N.M

"Hach & Rose are skilled, honest and straightforward lawyers…what more can I
say?"

M.L

"Right from the time of our first consultation, I was given honest and
straightforward answers to all of my questions. They made sure to let me know
that they would give me all the information necessary to make the right
decision as to whether to settle or go to trial while explaining that it was
ultimately my decision. I appreciated that…"

J.W

"I was hesitant to call Hach & Rose because I am not a union member, but they
treated me and my family with the highest respect…"

T.S

"They are hands down the finest law firm I’ve ever dealt with"

A.F

"They took the time to really get to know who I am and explained things in a
manner that made sense to me… I would recommend Hach & Rose to my closest
friends and relatives…"

L.H

"I was impressed from the moment I sat down at our first client meeting. If
there’s a more honest Law Firm in New York or anywhere for that matter, I
haven’t met them."

N.D

"Now I know why I don’t see Hach & Rose commercials with catchy jingles,
because their record and way of doing business speaks for itself. Being a
business owner personally, there’s no better way to ensure future clients than
to be honest, excellent at what you do, and get results!"

H.C

"Hach & Rose are a true team of highly qualified professionals"

A.R.

"My first lawyer, who I think was in over his head on my case, dropped me as a
client. Hach & Rose took over and did a superb job while getting me a
significant settlement…"

M.V

"After meeting law firm after law firm promising me between $1m and $2m in my
case, it was refreshing to hear a lawyer say that it is not truthful to
guarantee any results at the outset of a client’s case. The best part is that
they exceeded my expectations and what the other lawyers ‘promised’ at my
other consultations…"

T.S

"I was told by another firm that they didn’t think I had a winnable case. Hach
& Rose told me that it would be an uphill battle but they believed in me and
my case … we won!"

L.R

"Well let me start by saying that this firm is a kick ass firm very
professional caring and very good at what they do I am or was a client and
will always be great full for very thing this firm did for me from the top
lawyer (Mike)to the receptionist and everyone in between thet handled my case
they handled it very well and cared about my well being and took care of my
present and future so I must thank u all do to your diligent and excellence
and experience I will have a brighter future I would HIGHLY recommend this
firm to you if u want your case handled properly and with care"

K.L

"Halina did an amazing job, was very clear about the whole process, and put me
at ease since it was my first personal injury case. She didn’t promise
anything she couldn’t do and exceeded my expectations with the settlement
outcome. I would definitely recommend her at Hach & Rose."

B.L

"I was a client of Hach & Rose with Micheal Rose as my lawyer. Everyone from
the firm was always professional and nice. I would like to take this
opportunity to tell you what a thoroughly, exceptional job he did for me in my
accident case. Micheal Rose was the complete professional in the handling of
my case. The stressful time I was going through was made so much easier
because of Micheal Rose guiding me through the process with patience,
compassion and dignity. Never was there a time I called Micheal Rose and he
did not call me back immediately. I owe a debt of gratitude to Micheal Rose
for his service. Personally I feel that I could not have been in better hand.
Thank you Micheal Rose, David, Amanda & anyone else from the firm that
participated in my case. I am very grateful, thankful, and very satisfied with
the outcome of my settlement."

D.R

"My fiancée was a client of Hach & Rose with Micheal Rose as her lawyer.
Micheal did a exception job. Micheal Rose is a man with compassion and
dignity. My fiancée was very grateful and satisfied with her settlement. I
would highly recommend Hach & Rose."

T.D

"I had a very good experience with the lawyers and staff at Hach and Rose they
kept me well informed how the case was progressing the whole time answered all
my questions they made me feel very comfortable like a family member"

P.S

"I hired hired Hach & Rose to represent me in an auto accident case and they
did so with professionalism, integrity, outstanding knowledge and gave me
great advise to bring my case to a very successful conclusion. The attorneys
at Hach & Rose and staff professionals walked me through the process, and
answered all of my questions, no matter how trivial. From the very beginning,
The firm’s confidence, and perhaps most important, knowledge of No-Fault
insurance law/benefits were evident. Should you find yourself, or a loved one,
in need of No-Fault Insurance benefits, you could not find a better law firm
and/or team to represent you. Very highly recommended!"

B.B

"Best decision picking Hach & Rose to represent me. They got me the money that
I deserve and they kept on top of my case. I would recommend anyone to use
Hach & Rose."

J.R

"Hach & Rose treated me with the utmost importance and respect in every aspect
of my case. Never being in a situation like this before they walked me through
the legal process and helped make difficult decisions that eventually would
make my future secure. The team they have always looked out for my best
interests."

J.C

"I received great service, honest and open communication. Mr. Rose made me
feel that I was in reliable capable hands."

S.T

"I want to personally thank Michael Rose of the law firm Hach & Rose for
handling my auto accident case from the beginning to completion. Michael,
along with his staff are true professionals who handled this case with clear
precision and professionalism.I was also very happy with the way that we
settled my case. Michael gave me great counseling and guidance to bring this
case to a close and, that we were both very happy with. Thank you all!"

S.G

"I recently consulted with Mr. Hach on a legal matter that would have a great
impact on my life. He was unwaveringly honest with me, putting my interests
first and foremost. He spelled out my options clearly, advised me without
regard to what might better benefit his firm, and supported me 100% in my
decision. Thanks to the help of Mr. Hach and his team, I was able achieve the
outcome for which I had hoped. I will be forever grateful. Should you ever
require the services of this firm, be confident that you will be working with
people of the utmost integrity, and who will always put your interests first."

B.C

"We were recently referred to Greg Hach for assistance on a personal legal
issue. He has been incredibly professional and reliable, and has always been
available to answer our many questions with courtesy and patience. We were
very apprehensive as to how to handle our situation but Greg was very
reassuring and guided us through the necessary steps to ease our confusion. We
truly appreciate that while always being professional in conducting business,
he also took a personal interest in our issues and has remained friendly and
approachable as well. We confidently recommend him to anyone looking for a
competent and understanding attorney."

K.G.

"I was given the name Hach And Rose by an acquaintance . I called and got an
appointment within the week. Their office is in Manhattan but they came to
Westchester to meet me so I wouldn’t have to travel . They will Keep you in
the loop and tell you everything that’s going on month after month. They are
easy to talk to and they explained everything so just the ordinary person like
me can understand. They won us a big settlement in the first part of our case
and now the second phase of the case Is going forward and looking good.They
are fair and very trustworthy. If you have a question can you call and if they
are busy in court or whatever they will call you back ASAP Regardless of
weekend or holiday or late at night.If you’re looking for someone who knows
the ins and outs of the courts. They are the best choice. They are on top and
very knowledgeable of law. I recommend them highly if you want a Successful
lawsuit.I want to say thank you to Mike Rose and John Blyth also Shirley for
all that you have done. For my endless phone calls and questions and for your
patience I thank you. If I forgot anyone else I just want to say thank you.
You have given me and my family a gift of security and able to live our life
stress-free."

A.D

"I met Gregory Hach after he gave a speech at my law school on what he
believed to be key values for an attorney. In the years that followed Ive
gotten to know Greg well. He was nice enough to become my mentor and help
guide me through the beginning of my own legal career. Throughout that time
Greg always stressed honesty and integrity. The family like atmosphere at Hach
& Rose is truly inspiring. Would recommend them to anyone."

Contact Us

FREE CASE REVIEW

  * First Name*

  * Last Name*

  * Phone No.*

  * Email Address*

  * Additional Information*

  * 

Δ

Our Office:

Hach & Rose, LLP, 112 Madison Ave,

10th Floor, New York, NY 10016

Our Office:

Hach & Rose, LLP, 112 Madison Ave,

10th Floor, New York, NY 10016

QUICK LINKS

  * Home
  * The Firm
  * Practice Areas
  * Video FAQs
  * Must Know Info
  * Testimonials
  * Results
  * Queens
  * Blog
  * Scholarship

__

(212) 779-0057 OR (866) LAWS-USA

__

Hach & Rose, LLP, 112 Madison Ave,  
10th Floor, New York, NY 10016

__

Fax: (212) 779-0028

Areas Served

  * Bronx
  * Brooklyn
  * Bushwick
  * Brooklyn Heights
  * Central Harlem
  * East Harlem
  * East Village
  * Financial District
  * Greenpoint
  * Forest Hills
  * Harlem
  * Howard Beach
  * Jackson Heights
  * Lower East Side
  * Lower Manhattan
  * Manhattan
  * Midtown
  * New Jersey
  * Rego Park
  * Soho
  * Tribeca
  * Upper East Side
  * Upper Manhattan
  * Upper West Side
  * West Side
  * West Harlem

Follow Us:

Powered by

Copyright (C) 2023, Hach & Rose, LLP. All Rights Reserved.

  * Privacy Policy
  * SITEMAP

×

![Conversion Pixel](https://secure.adnxs.com/px?id=1433865&seg=25271282&t=2)

