CALL US: **(718) 526-4472**

        

Open/Close Menu Immigration Law Firm in New York

 ...

Skip to content

  * Home
  * Who we are

    * Michael Borja
    * Denisse Yvette Gomez
    * William Alan Macrae
    * Our Staff

  * Our Services

    * Immigration
    * Permanent Residence/Citizenship
    * USCIS
    * Detainees
    * Family Court
    * Criminal Matters
    * Other Services

  * News
  * Contact
  * English

    * Español

 ...

#  Nuestro Equipo

– SOMOS INMIGRANTES COMO USTED –

###  Michael Borja

#####  Abogado

mborja@borjalawfirmpc.com

Tel: (347) 453-1424

 

Más conocido como Abogado Borja, es Ecuatoriano-Americano de Queens, Nueva
York que ha ejercido leyes por más de 10 años representando a Inmigrantes.

READ FULL BIO →

###  Denisse Yvette Gomez

#####  Abogada

dgomez@borjalawfirmpc.com

Tel: (718) 565-8020



Denisse is an associate attorney who joined the Borja Law Firm in 2019. Her
legal experience includes fields in Immigration, Family law, Landlord-Tenant,
Matrimonial, Criminal Defense, and other general practice areas.

READ FULL BIO →

###  William Alan Macrae

#####  Abogado

alan@borjalawfirmpc.com

Tel: (718) 565-8020

Originally from Virginia, Alan went to Brooklyn Law School and had the
opportunity to work with the District Attorney’s Office, several Judges, and
detainees.

READ FULL BIO →

###  Daniela Santana

#####  Paralegal

dsantana@borjalawfirmpc.com

Tel: (718) 536-4472

   

Born and raised in Ecuador, Daniela moved to the United States in 2008. She
attended and  
graduated from John Jay College with a major in Law and two minors in Spanish
and Criminal  
Justice.

As an immigrant, she has always been interested in helping other immigrants,
especially children  
who have been victims of abuse or had their lives threatened by gangs. For
years, Daniela has  
brought her dedication and desire to help others to assist thousands at Borja
Law Firm.

###  Carlos Galindo

#####  Paralegal

cgalindo@borjalawfirmpc.com

Tel: (718) 536-4472

   

Carlos Galindo is a Paralegal at Borja Law Firm PC, who works on various types
of immigration  
cases. Carlos is a first-generation Mexican/Ecuadorian American and as such,
has a special  
connection with the immigrant community. He understands the plight of the
immigrant and the  
struggles they face on a daily basis. Carlos was born and raised in Harlem,
New York, where he  
graduated from Fiorello H. LaGuardia High School of Music & Art and Performing
Arts. He  
completed his Bachelor’s degree in Political Science at CUNY Baruch College.

When not advocating for his clients, Carlos continues his work with Reading
Partners, now as a  
volunteer providing tutoring for children. He is hopeful to attend law school
in the near future  
and continue his work in the immigration field. Moreover, Carlos enjoys
listening to music,  
going on runs, biking, and playing sports.

###  Daisy Amigon

#####  Paralegal

damigon@borjalawfirmpc.com

Tel: (718) 536-4472

   

Daisy has been working directly with immigrant issues on petitions,
citizenship, and asylums for  
the past eight years at Borja Law. She attended John Jay College where she
studied Latin  
America extensively. Daisy is a daughter of immigrants who has worked on
fulfilling their  
potential and thus the American dream. She has had the privilege to travel
with her mother to  
Mexico and connect with her family and culture.

When Daisy was young, she moved to Mexico for a few months, and completely
changed her  
mindset and for the first time she felt complete as a person. She learned more
about the many  
cultures in Mexico and was able to trace her family roots and history marked
in the town where  
her parents come from. Since that time, Daisy has had the passion to work with
Latina/o minority  
groups and immigrant communities.

###  Fernando Garcia

#####  Paralegal

fgarcia@borjalawfirmpc.com

Tel: (718) 536-4472

  

Fernando was born in Brooklyn, but has lived most of his life in Queens. He
graduated from  
Mercy College with a degree in Criminal Justice. He began his career interning
in the South  
Bronx for a private law firm, before being promoted to a paralegal and
becoming a notary public.  
Fernando has also worked under a New York State Senator in a variety of roles.

He has dedicated himself to learning many aspects of the law, including
matrimonial, landlord &  
tenant, bankruptcy and immigration. Fernando brought his talents and
experiences to the Borja  
Law Firm and has used them to grow into an effective and brilliant paralegal.

###  Jennifer De La Cruz

#####  Paralegal

jenndlc@borjalawfirmpc.com

Tel: (718) 526-4472

###  Sueanny Borja

#####  Legal Assistant

sborja@borjalawfirmpc.com

Tel: (718) 526-4472

Sueanny Borja was born in Ecuador and currently lives in Queens. She is
committed, responsible and patient, which have assisted her greatly in her
work at Borja Law Firm. Her love and understanding of the Hispanic community
and immigration in general are part of who she is.

It is this love that she uses to grow as a staff member and as a person, help
others and provide the best possible service to those who need it most.

###  Gregoria Ramos

#####  Web Developer

gramos@borjalawfirmpc.com

Tel: (718) 526-4472

Gregoria “Gigi” Ramos has lived her entire life in Queens. Born from immigrant
parents, she has a great passion to help her community. She has participated
in JROTC, the NYPD Explorers and other community organizations.

Since 2018, Gigi has worked as an Office Administrator and Legal Assistant.
The same passion for her community drives her to not only challenge herself
but assist all clients at Borja Law Firm.

###  Jovanny Gonzalez

#####  Office Coordinator

jgonzalez@borjalawfirmpc.com

Tel: (718) 526-4472

Jovanny is the Office Coordinator whose purpose is ensure the smooth
functioning of Borja Law Firm.

In that function, he routinely drafts correspondences, maintains both
electronic and paper files, works with clients extensively to provide the best
possible result. His devotion and attention to detail make him an exemplary
member for the Borja Law family.

###  Angelica Ramos

#####  Intern

Tel: (718) 526-4472

###  Kevin Amigon

#####  Intern

Tel: (718) 526-4472

Kevin is a high school Senior who enjoys playing sports. Coming from a family
of immigrant parents, Kevin understands the immigrant experience, which has
emboldened him to help his community. It is this drive that brought him into
the Borja Law family.

In his free time, he volunteers at Borja Law by filing and scanning documents.
Kevin has worked on gaining office experience to be able to further assist the
immigrant community in the future. During his three years at Borja Law Firm,
he has learned not only the administrative aspect of the office but also about
many immigration issues that most people never see, including his peers. He
works on gaining more experience and will soon be attending college.

## Want to be an intern with us and you are a student?

Send us an email at mborja@borjalawfirmpc.com with your information, resume
and a cover letter with your interest in  
becoming part of Borja Law Firm P.C.  

Apply now

– ↑ BACK TO TOP –

#### About

We are the law firm focused on meeting the needs of our clients, making them
our priority, providing the highest quality legal service and defending their
legal rights…

#### Our Services

  * IMMIGRATION
  * CITIZENSHIP
  * CRIMINAL MATTERS
  * DIVORCES
  * Other Services

#### Queens, New York

82-02 Roosevelt Ave 2nd Floor, Queens, NY 11372,  

Tel: (718) 526-4472  
Mobile: (347) 453-1424  
E-mail: mborja@borjalawfirmpc.com

Google Maps →

#### Instagram

⚖️ Buenas noticias sobre inmigración. El Pres

⚖️ Este es el Plan de Reforma Migratoria del P

⚖️ Hoy es un nuevo día y el inicio de un nuev

🎊 La familia @BorjaLawFirm les deseamos un Feli

⚖️ Hoy empezamos la última semana del 2020 y

🎄 La familia @BorjaLawFirm les deseamos una Fel

© 2021 Borja Law Firm P.C. by PerspectivaNYC

  





