  * The Firm

  * Who We Represent

  * Attorneys

Call: 212.868.6300

Contact Us

 __ __

Call: 212.868.6300

Contact Us

* * *

# Labor and Employment Lawyers

* * *

The Employment law firm of Cary Kane PLLC strives to be an exceptional labor
and employment law firm for the representation of employees, workers, labor
unions and employee benefits plans.

The law firm believes every employee is entitled to have a workplace free of
unlawful age, race or gender discrimination or sexual harassment.

  * We believe that workers deserve to receive minimum wages and overtime as required by law.
  * We believe that when a corporation has made written promises to an executive, managerial or professional employee, that company must respect the rights guaranteed to the employee by that agreement.
  * We will sue on behalf of individuals and undertake where appropriate class actions on behalf of working people whose rights have been violated or ignored.
  * We believe employee benefit plans are vital to ensuring that today’s workers and employees are protected from the devastating effects of sudden illness and can look forward to a secure retirement.

The attorneys at our law firm believe the right to organize, to bargain
collectively and to withhold one’s labor are fundamental civil rights. All the
attorneys at the law firm are dedicated to achieving the best possible results
for our client while being mindful of the need to control excessive fees and
costs. With a collective experience of over 100 years, the attorneys at our
law firm offer clients sophisticated yet practical legal advice to avoid
unnecessary litigation. And when litigation is necessary the law firm
undertakes it as efficiently as possible. Fee arrangements are flexible and
can be tailored to the particular needs of the client.

Cary Kane LLP does not represent corporations against workers, employees,
unions or employee benefit plans.

 **Cary Kane PLLC**  
Herald Square Building  
1350 Broadway #1410 New York, NY 10018

Tel: (212) 868-6300

* * *

The legal team at Cary Kane PLLC represents employees, executives,
professionals, and workers with employment claims against their company as
well as labor unions and employee benefit funds in New York City and the
surrounding metropolitan area. Our Manhattan office has labor lawyers and
employment attorneys available to handle labor and employment law matters.

CONTACT CARY KANE PLLC »

1350 Broadway #1410 New York, NY 10018 | Office: (212) 868-6300

  * Home

 __

  * The Firm

 __

  * Practice Areas

 __

  * Attorneys

 __

  * Contact

 __

  * Privacy Policy

 __

Copyright © 2007 - 2024 Cary Kane PLLC | Attorney Advertising. Prior results
do not guarantee a similar outcome.  
Site by Four Eyes

  * The Firm

 __

  * Who We Represent

 __

  * Attorneys

 __

Thank you for your interest in **Cary Kane PLLC**.

Fields marked with a " * " are required.

  * Name*

  * Email*

Enter Email Confirm Email

  * Phone

  * Message*

  * CAPTCHA

  * Email

This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

Δ

**PLEASE NOTE:** Before communicating with us via email or submitting this
form, please read the legal notices / privacy policy  section of this web
site. By sending us an email or this form, you are consenting to the terms and
conditions of use set forth therein.

__

