skip to Main Content

Schedule A Consultation:  (646) 770-3868

![Mandel Law
Firm](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Mandel
Law Firm](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Logo.png)

  * Home
  * Practice Areas
    *       *         * Adult Sexual Abuse Claims
        * Family Law
          * Adult Sexual Abuse Claims
          * Spousal Support/Alimony
          * Paternity
          * Prenuptial & Postnuptial Agreements
          * Non-Traditional Adoption
          * Immigration for Family Members & Fiancées
          * Impact of Divorce on Immigration Status
          * Family Law For Military Personnel
      *         * Divorce
          * Complex High Net Worth Divorce
          * Contested Divorce
          * Lightning Fast No-Fault Divorce
          * Division of Marital Assets
          * Annulments
          * Post-Divorce Disputes
          * Separation Agreements
        * Domestic Violence
          * Order of Protection
          * False Allegations of Abuse in Divorce Actions
          * Child Abuse, Neglect & Removal Proceedings
      *         * Child Support
          * Modifications & Enforcements of Child Support & Spousal Maintenance
        * Gay & Lesbian Family Law
          * LGBTQ Divorce
          * LGBTQ Child Custody Rights
          * LGBTQ Life & Estate Planning
          * Domestic Partnership/Cohabitation Agreements
          * LGBTQ Prenuptial Agreements
      *         * Child Custody and Visitation
          * Child Custody and Visitation
          * Grandparent & Non-Biological Parent Custody & Visitation
          * Parental Relocation Requests & Abduction
          * International Family Law & Hague Convention Cases
          * Pet Custody Matters
        * Pet Custody
  * Attorney Profiles
    * Steven J. Mandel
    * Hon. Jane Pearl (Ret.)
    * James Nemia
    * Marilyn T Sugarman
    * Julia Cagin
  * What Clients Say
  * About Us
    *       *       *         * Areas We Serve
          * Chelsea Family Lawyers
          * Grand Central Family Lawyers
          * Greenwich Village Family Lawyers
          * Lower Manhattan Family Lawyers
          * Midtown Family Lawyers
          * Soho Family Lawyers
          * Upper West Side Family Lawyers
          * Wall Street Family Lawyers
          * West Village Family Lawyers
      *         * Mandel’s Laws
        * How to Choose the Right Attorney
        * Media
        * Results
      *         * Videos
        * Articles
        * Resource Links
        * Blog
      *   * Contact

Open Mobile Menu

×

×

Thank you! We need your help. Would you share your experience on one of these
sites?

![Google](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Google](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Google](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-
content/themes/mandellaw/assets/images/google1.png)
![Facebook](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Facebook](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Facebook](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-
content/themes/mandellaw/assets/images/facebook1.png)

×

![Google](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Google](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Google](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-
content/themes/mandellaw/assets/images/google1.png)

If you don’t already have a Google account, you should—use it to read and post
reviews, as well as access other Google products like Gmail.

From our Google listing:

  * If prompted, sign up or log in
  * Leave your rating and feedback
  * Click post to share with others.

Click to review us on Google

×

![Facebook](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Facebook](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Facebook](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-
content/themes/mandellaw/assets/images/facebook1.png)

Facebook lets us stay connected with our customers, fans and friends—and now
lets you review businesses.

From our Facebook page:

  * “Like” our page if you want to stay connected with us
  * Find the “Reviews” widget in the body of the page and rate us
  * Log in or sign up if you haven’t already to complete the process

Click to review us on Facebook

×

We strive for 100% customer satisfaction. If we fell short, please tell us
more so we can address your concerns.

  * Your Name*

  * Your E-mail Address*

  * Your Phone Number*

  * Your Message*

  *     * Terms & Conditions The information you obtain at this site is not, nor is it intended to be, legal advice. You should consult an attorney for advice regarding your individual situation. We invite you to contact us and welcome your calls, letters and electronic mail. Contacting us does not create an attorney- client relationship. Please do not send any confidential information to us until such time as an attorney-client relationship has been established.

Δ

  * Close 
  * Skip to Content 
  * High Contrast 
  * Increase Text Size 
  * Clear All 

Attorney Profiles

Attorney Profiles

# We’ve proudly earned our reputation one client at a time  
by striving to be the best divorce attorneys in New York

# Meet the Founder of The Mandel Law Firm

Steven J. Mandel, founder of **The Mandel Law Firm**, has been practicing law
in the tough New York City legal environment since 1980. Attorney Mandel is
truly multifaceted: he is a tenacious trial lawyer, a practical negotiator,
and a compassionate family law attorney, who knows how to match his skills to
each client’s goals and interests.

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/04/Mandel-Law-Firm-02.png)

Steven J. Mandel is a New York lawyer with grit, determination and the ability
to solve problems. He has often appeared on national television programs such
as Dateline NBC and CBS’ 48 Hours. He has been quoted extensively in all of
the major New York newspapers and appears regularly as a highly regarded legal
analyst on truTV (formerly Court TV). His legal papers have been sought out by
Matthew Bender for inclusion in “form” books, which serve as examples of
writing excellence for other attorneys.

Throughout the years, **Steven J. Mandel has collected and dispersed witty,
yet wise aphorisms that provide a view of the philosophy that guides his
approach to practicing law**. Click here for a representative sampling of some
of “Mandel’s Laws”. Some will make you laugh but they will all make you think.

Know More Attorneys

For more information about our founder and other attorneys, please follow the
links below.

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/10/Jane-Pearl-Bio-Image-5-1.png)

## Steven J. Mandel

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/10/Jane-Pearl-Bio.png)

## Hon. Jane Pearl (Ret.)

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/02/Marilyn-Sugarman-Bio.png)

## Marilyn T Sugarman

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/10/James-Nemia-Bio.png)

## James Nemia

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/10/Doneshia-Hall-Bio.png)

## Donneshia Hall

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/08/image_2023_08_30T19_14_15_980Z.png)

## Julia Cagin

## Schedule an Informative Consultation Today – Divorce & Property Lawyers
Serving New York City and Surrounding Areas

If you are facing a troubling family law problem and are unsure where to turn,
Steven J. Mandel and our highly-qualified staff of attorneys are here to help
you. Call our Midtown Manhattan offices locally at (646) 770-3868. You can
also e-mail us now to schedule an appointment or to get answers to your
important questions.

## Need Counsel or Help to File for Divorce in Manhattan, Brooklyn, Queens,
Staten Island, the Bronx or Long Island? Contact Us Today.

To learn more about getting a Divorce in New York, contact us online or by
calling locally at (646) 770-3868.

contact us online call us now

![](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/ab-seal-
horizontal-large.png)

![](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/10/NewYorkTimes.svg_.png)

![](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/AV-Preeminent-
Logo-100px.png)

![](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Avvo-rating.jpg)

![](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/client-champion-
gold-2022-640w.png)

![](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Vector-Smart-
Object.png)

![](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Layer-16.png)

![](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Layer-15.png)

![](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Layer-14.png)

## Contact Us

#### Get the help you need by filling out the below form

  * Your Name*

  * Your E-mail Address*

  * Your Phone Number*

  * Your Message*

  *     * Terms & Conditions The information you obtain at this site is not, nor is it intended to be, legal advice. You should consult an attorney for advice regarding your individual situation. We invite you to contact us and welcome your calls, letters and electronic mail. Contacting us does not create an attorney- client relationship. Please do not send any confidential information to us until such time as an attorney-client relationship has been established.

Δ

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://mandellawfirm.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/10/Layer-42.png)

This may be the first time you’re facing a divorce, a child custody battle, a
spousal support and maintenance (alimony) issue or another family law matter,
but it’s not ours. The Mandel Law Firm in New York City offers you individual
attention, knowledgeable guidance and experienced, aggressive

Quick Links

  * Home
  * Practice Areas
  * Attorney Profiles
  * What Clients Say
  * About Us
  * Contact

![The Mandel Law Firm BBB Business
Review](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![The
Mandel Law Firm BBB Business Review](https://seal-newyork.bbb.org/seals/blue-
seal-250-52-whitetxt-bbb-87169681.png)

Contact Us

  * **The Mandel Law Firm**   
One Grand Central Place  
60 East 42nd Street, Suite 810  
New York, NY 10165

  * (646)770 3868

Review Us

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/10/Layer-43.png)

Recent Blogs

  * ![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/divorce-rings-scaled.jpg)

Thinking About Divorce? Things You Should Prepare for When You Finally Meet
Your Attorney

  * ![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/divorce--scaled.jpg)

Why Paid Divorce Lawyer Consultations Are Game-Changers for Your Legal Journey

  * ![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/child-custody-dad-and-kid-scaled.jpg)

Does New York Favor the Mother or the Father in Child Custody Issues?

This website contains general information about The Mandel Law Firm and is not
intended to be a source of legal advice for any purpose. Neither receipt of
information presented on this site, nor the sending of any email or other
electronic communication to The Mandel Law Firm, or its lawyers through this
site shall create an attorney-client relationship, and any such email or
communication will not be treated as confidential. No user of this site should
act or refrain from acting on the basis of information included on this site
without seeking legal advice of counsel. The Mandel Law Firm expressly
disclaims all liability with respect to actions taken or not taken based on
any content in this site. This web site may be considered Attorney
Advertising.

  * Disclaimer
  * Site Map
  * Privacy Policy

Copyright © .  \- The Mandel Law Firm Design By:
www.precisionlegalmarketing.com

  * __Menu
  * __Attorney
  * __
  * __Email
  * __Blogs

  * Home
  * Practice Areas
    * Adult Sexual Abuse Claims
    * Divorce
      * Complex High Net Worth Divorce
      * Contested Divorce
      * Lightning Fast No-Fault Divorce
      * Division of Marital Assets
      * Annulments
      * Post-Divorce Disputes
      * Separation Agreements
    * Child Support
      * Modifications & Enforcements of Child Support & Spousal Maintenance
    * Child Custody and Visitation
      * Child Custody and Visitation
      * Grandparent & Non-Biological Parent Custody & Visitation
      * Parental Relocation Requests & Abduction
      * International Family Law & Hague Convention Cases
      * Pet Custody Matters
    * Family Law
      * Adult Sexual Abuse Claims
      * Spousal Support/Alimony
      * Paternity
      * Prenuptial & Postnuptial Agreements
      * Non-Traditional Adoption
      * Immigration for Family Members & Fiancées
      * Impact of Divorce on Immigration Status
      * Family Law For Military Personnel
    * Domestic Violence
      * Order of Protection
      * False Allegations of Abuse in Divorce Actions
      * Child Abuse, Neglect & Removal Proceedings
    * Gay & Lesbian Family Law
      * LGBTQ Divorce
      * LGBTQ Child Custody Rights
      * LGBTQ Life & Estate Planning
      * Domestic Partnership/Cohabitation Agreements
      * LGBTQ Prenuptial Agreements
    * Pet Custody
  * Attorney Profiles
    * Steven J. Mandel
    * Hon. Jane Pearl (Ret.)
    * James Nemia
    * Marilyn T Sugarman
    * Julia Cagin
  * What Clients Say
  * About Us
    * Areas We Serve
      * Chelsea Family Lawyers
      * Grand Central Family Lawyers
      * Greenwich Village Family Lawyers
      * Lower Manhattan Family Lawyers
      * Midtown Family Lawyers
      * Soho Family Lawyers
      * Upper West Side Family Lawyers
      * Wall Street Family Lawyers
      * West Village Family Lawyers
    * Mandel’s Laws
    * How to Choose the Right Attorney
    * Media
    * Results
    * Videos
    * Articles
    * Resource Links
    * Blog
  * Contact

Back To Top

×

