E  A  H  S  A  N  L  A  W

Loading

  *  __37-18, 73rd Street, Suite 502, Jackson Heights, NY 11372

  *  __Need Free Consultation?Make an Appointment __

![logo](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![logo](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/08/Website-Logo-Vertical.png)

  * Home
  * Location
    * Dhaka Office
    * New York Office
    * Texas Office
    * Dubai Office (By Appointment Only)
  * Practices
    * US Family Based Immigration
    * US Employment Based Immigration
    * Court Cases In The USA
    * US Investment Based Immigration
    * USA Student Visa
    * Asylum In USA
    * Aviation Law
    * Immigration Law
    * Personal Injury Law
    * International Arbitration Law
    * Education Law
    * International Commercial Law
  * Shop
  * About
  * Attorney
  * Contact
  * Blog

__

__

#####  +8801711-788357

__

__

  * Home
  * Location
    * Dhaka Office
    * New York Office
    * Texas Office
    * Dubai Office (By Appointment Only)
  * Practices
    * US Family Based Immigration
    * US Employment Based Immigration
    * Court Cases In The USA
    * US Investment Based Immigration
    * USA Student Visa
    * Asylum In USA
    * Aviation Law
    * Immigration Law
    * Personal Injury Law
    * International Arbitration Law
    * Education Law
    * International Commercial Law
  * Shop
  * About
  * Attorney
  * Contact
  * Blog

__

Need help? Letâ€™s Talk

#####  +8801711-788357

# Looking for Immigration  
Attorney in Bangladesh?

##### Get legal assistance and processing for safe immigration from registered
attorney!

Contact Now! ____+8801711-788357

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/beyond-bracket-ehsanlaw/assets/img/home_02/hamer_04.svg)

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://www.ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/07/About-us-Law-Office-of-Ehsan.webp)

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://www.ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/07/Ehsanur-Rahman-Ehsan-Law-Office-of-Ehsan.webp)

__

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://www.ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/07/About-Ehsanur-Rahman-Chief-Attorney-at-Law-Office-of-
Ehsan.webp)

######
![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/beyond-bracket-ehsanlaw/assets/img/home_01/bage_head.svg)About
Us

## Welcome to Law Office of Ehsan

We are your trusted legal partner offering consulation and processing for a
wide of services ranging from US immigration law, family based US Immigration,
US employment visa, US investment, US tourist visa, student visa and more.

Our relentless pursuit of justice and unwavering commitment to our clients set
us apart as a premier law firm.

  * Exceptional Results
  * Client-Centric Approach
  * Comprehensive Expertise
  * Empathy and Support
  * International Reach

Learn More __

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/beyond-bracket-ehsanlaw/assets/img/home_01/scale.svg)

######
![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/beyond-bracket-ehsanlaw/assets/img/home_01/bage_head.svg)
Services Offered

## We offer Consultancy and Processing for All Types of US Immigration Cases.

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/11/svg1-01-01.svg)

#### US Family Based Immigration

Generally, family-based cases are filed in the USA by Spouse, Parents or Child
who is a US citizen.

Service Details __ 01

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/beyond-bracket-ehsanlaw/assets/img/home_02/hamer_03.svg)

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/11/svg2-01-01.svg)

#### US Employment Based Immigration

An individual can get US immigration based on his/her employment with a US
Company, or, self-petition.

Service Details __ 02

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/beyond-bracket-ehsanlaw/assets/img/home_02/hamer_03.svg)

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/11/svg3-01-01.svg)

#### Court Cases In The USA

As a specialized immigration law firm, we provide legal assistance for
Cancellation of Removal.

Service Details __ 03

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/beyond-bracket-ehsanlaw/assets/img/home_02/hamer_03.svg)

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/11/svg4-01-01.svg)

#### US Investment Based Immigration

Qualified company, through its subsidiary in the USA, can sponsor for key
officers to enhance business.

Service Details __ 04

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/beyond-bracket-ehsanlaw/assets/img/home_02/hamer_03.svg)

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/11/svg5-01-01.svg)

#### USA Student Visa

Our service extends beyond the visa processing in Bangladesh by assisting and
guiding towards better immigration in the US.

Service Details __ 05

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/beyond-bracket-ehsanlaw/assets/img/home_02/hamer_03.svg)

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/11/svg6-01-01.svg)

#### Asylum In USA

Our US office can evaluate your application for Asylum while you are in the
USA.

Service Details __ 06

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/beyond-bracket-ehsanlaw/assets/img/home_02/hamer_03.svg)

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/beyond-bracket-ehsanlaw/assets/img/home_02/lep.svg)

######
![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/beyond-bracket-
ehsanlaw/assets/img/home_01/bage_head.svg)Testimonials

## Client's Testimonials

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/08/1690976566_Testimonial Avatar.png)

######  Asadul A.

Student

__________

The Law Office of Ehsan demonstrated exceptional expertise in Education Law
practice. Their prompt and insightful guidance helped resolve my legal issues
efficiently. Highly recommended for anyone seeking reliable education law
representation.

__

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/08/1690976555_Testimonial Avatar.png)

######  Anil P.

Service Holder

__________

The Law Office of Ehsan's Criminal Law practice is outstanding. Their skilled
attorneys handled my case with utmost proficiency and dedication, achieving
the best possible result. Highly recommended for anyone in need of effective
criminal defense representation.

__

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/08/1690976643_Testimonial Avatar.png)

######  Maddy L.

Business Owner

__________

The Law Office of Ehsan excelled in Aviation Law practice. Their in-depth
knowledge and attention to detail were evident throughout my case, resulting
in a successful outcome. I highly recommend their services to anyone in need
of expert aviation legal representation.

__

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/08/1690976608_Testimonial Avatar.png)

######  Felix M.

Apparel Trader

Law Office of Ehsan delivered top-notch arbitration law practice. Their
expertise and professionalism ensured a seamless resolution to my legal
matter. Highly recommended for anyone in need of arbitration services.

__

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/08/1690976632_Testimonial Avatar.png)

######  Jayme T.

Founder, YYY Ventures

__________

My attorney at Law Office of Ehsan was excellent, incredibly knowledgeable.
Choosing them was a wise decision, and I highly recommend them to anyone
injured in an accident.

__

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/beyond-bracket-ehsanlaw/assets/img/about/map.svg)

More __

######
![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/beyond-bracket-ehsanlaw/assets/img/home_01/bage_head.svg)Meet
Our Team

## Experience in US Immigration Consultancy!

![Ehsanur Rahman Ehsan, founder and lead attorney at Law Office of
Ehsan](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![Ehsanur
Rahman Ehsan, founder and lead attorney at Law Office of
Ehsan](https://www.ehsanlaw.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/07/Ehsanur-Rahman-
Ehsan-Law-Office-of-Ehsan.webp)

________

#### Ehsanur Rahman

Licensed to practice law by the Supreme Court of Texas and a member of the
State Bar of Texas.

View Attorney Profile __

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/11/Samsuzzaman-Riton-Manager-Digital-Marketing-and-
Operations.webp)

________

#### Samsuzzaman Riton

He oversees Marketing and Operations for Law Office of Ehsan.

## Dedicated to Assist You With Successful US Immigration Processing!

We're experienced in our domain of solving legal problems and successful
processing in categories like US Family Immigration, Investment-based
Immigration, Employment-based Immigration, Asylum, US Student Visa, US Tourist
Visa and more.

Make an Appointment __

######
![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/beyond-bracket-
ehsanlaw/assets/img/home_01/bage_head.svg)Contact

## Contact us for free case evaluation

Send Your Message __

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/beyond-bracket-ehsanlaw/assets/img/home_02/secol_01.svg)

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/beyond-bracket-ehsanlaw/assets/img/home_02/home_01.svg)

![logo](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![logo](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/08/Website-Logo-Vertical.png)

We have got you covered be it Immigration, Aviation, Personal Injury or
International Arbitration. Get our expert service to have a stress-free life.

#### Pages

  *  __About Us
  *  __Attorney
  *  __Blog
  *  __Contact Us
  *  __Testimonials
  *  __Payment
  *  __Privacy Policy
  *  __Terms & Refund Policy

#### Service Offerings

  *  __US Family Based Immigration
  *  __US Employment Based Immigration
  *  __Court Cases In The USA
  *  __US Investment Based Immigration
  *  __USA Student Visa
  *  __Asylum In USA

#### Contact Us

__

Head Office:  
37-18, 73rd Street, Suite 502  
Jackson Heights, NY 11372, USA

__

Dhaka Office:  
House# 42, Block# E, Road# 5  
Banasree, Dhaka 1219, Bangladesh

__

info@ehsanlaw.com

__

+8801711788357

Â© 2024 ehsanlaw.com  | All Rights Reserved

________

Designed & Developed by Beyond Bracket.

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/beyond-bracket-ehsanlaw/assets/img/home_02/foter_01.svg)

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODdhAQABAPAAAMPDwwAAACwAAAAAAQABAAACAkQBADs=)![](https://ehsanlaw.com/wp-
content/themes/beyond-bracket-ehsanlaw/assets/img/home_02/foter_01.svg)

