top of page

![Wronko Loewen Benucci
Logo](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/8d91b3_f4a5a1af38d0431daeb472351763772d~mv2.png/v1/fill/w_111,h_56,al_c,q_85,usm_0.66_1.00_0.01,enc_auto/8d91b3_f4a5a1af38d0431daeb472351763772d~mv2.png)

  * Practice Areas

    * Criminal Defense
    * Sexual Harrassment
    * DWI & Traffic
    * Real Estate
    * Civil Litigation
    * Bankruptcy
    * Personal Injury
    * Domestic Violence
    * Appellate
    * Expungement
  * Attorneys

    * James Wronko
    * James Loewen
    * Jay McCann
    * Gilbert Miller
  * About Us

  * News

  * Blog

  * Video

  * Contact

  * More

Use tab to navigate through the menu items.

(908) 704-9200

# ABOUT US

![James Loewen, James Wronko, Marco
Benucci](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/8d91b3_e35e8535144c4b12907185b0e5ad600f~mv2.jpg/v1/crop/x_127,y_59,w_560,h_341/fill/w_577,h_351,al_c,lg_1,q_80,enc_auto/8d91b3_e35e8535144c4b12907185b0e5ad600f~mv2.jpg)

Our firm specializes in providing personal attention to all of our clients,
regardless of their legal needs. But that doesn't mean that we sacrifice
quality. We are a firm made up of experienced attorneys. Our strong
reputations around New Jersey include being ranked as Super Lawyers by New
Jersey Monthly Magazine. Since the firm was established in 1994, we have
successfully fought for clients in hundreds of trials and appeals, including
many successful Supreme Court decisions. Wronko & Loewen are widely respected
and successful legal practitioners.  


James Wronko has almost 40 years of experience as a trial attorney and has
tried over 150 civil and criminal jury cases since establishing the firm.
Wronko has a reputation as one of the top criminal defense attorneys in the
State. Named a New Jersey Super Lawyer in 2006, he has been on this
prestigious list every year since.

​

James Loewen has been practicing law in Somerville since 1994 and is well-
regarded for his work in bankruptcy, real estate law and municipal court
matters. He joined the firm in 2000. Loewen presently serves as the Municipal
Public Defender for the Boroughs of Somerville, Watchung and North Plainfield
and the Township of Green Brook. He has served as Public Defender in several
other municipalities as well. As the Public Defender, he handles the assigned
defense of disorderly persons, traffic and municipal offenses, including DWI
trials. He handles municipal court matters throughout the State.

​

As a firm, Wronko & Loewen are committed to providing quality service based on
extensive experience in New Jersey's legal system. We have appeared in
Superior Court in every county of New Jersey. No matter the trial, we use our
litigation skills to fight for our clients and get favorable out-of-court
settlements.

![Wronko Loewen Benucci
Logo](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/8d91b3_d5b1fb08e13043db83621d514f3ecbda~mv2.png/v1/fill/w_189,h_88,al_c,q_85,usm_0.66_1.00_0.01,blur_3,enc_auto/8d91b3_d5b1fb08e13043db83621d514f3ecbda~mv2.png)

Main: (908) 704-9200

Fax: (908) 704-9291

wlb@newjerseylawyer.org

  *   *   *   * 

###### Somerset County

69 Grove St  
Somerville, NJ 08876

​

​

​

#### Send Us a Message

Send

Success! Message received.

(C) 2023 Wronko Loewen

bottom of page

