skip to Main Content

Schedule A Consultation:  (646) 770-3868

![Mandel Law
Firm](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Mandel
Law Firm](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Logo.png)

  * Home
  * Practice Areas
    *       *         * Adult Sexual Abuse Claims
        * Family Law
          * Adult Sexual Abuse Claims
          * Spousal Support/Alimony
          * Paternity
          * Prenuptial & Postnuptial Agreements
          * Non-Traditional Adoption
          * Immigration for Family Members & Fiancées
          * Impact of Divorce on Immigration Status
          * Family Law For Military Personnel
      *         * Divorce
          * Complex High Net Worth Divorce
          * Contested Divorce
          * Lightning Fast No-Fault Divorce
          * Division of Marital Assets
          * Annulments
          * Post-Divorce Disputes
          * Separation Agreements
        * Domestic Violence
          * Order of Protection
          * False Allegations of Abuse in Divorce Actions
          * Child Abuse, Neglect & Removal Proceedings
      *         * Child Support
          * Modifications & Enforcements of Child Support & Spousal Maintenance
        * Gay & Lesbian Family Law
          * LGBTQ Divorce
          * LGBTQ Child Custody Rights
          * LGBTQ Life & Estate Planning
          * Domestic Partnership/Cohabitation Agreements
          * LGBTQ Prenuptial Agreements
      *         * Child Custody and Visitation
          * Child Custody and Visitation
          * Grandparent & Non-Biological Parent Custody & Visitation
          * Parental Relocation Requests & Abduction
          * International Family Law & Hague Convention Cases
          * Pet Custody Matters
        * Pet Custody
  * Attorney Profiles
    * Steven J. Mandel
    * Hon. Jane Pearl (Ret.)
    * James Nemia
    * Marilyn T Sugarman
    * Julia Cagin
  * What Clients Say
  * About Us
    *       *       *         * Areas We Serve
          * Chelsea Family Lawyers
          * Grand Central Family Lawyers
          * Greenwich Village Family Lawyers
          * Lower Manhattan Family Lawyers
          * Midtown Family Lawyers
          * Soho Family Lawyers
          * Upper West Side Family Lawyers
          * Wall Street Family Lawyers
          * West Village Family Lawyers
      *         * Mandel’s Laws
        * How to Choose the Right Attorney
        * Media
        * Results
      *         * Videos
        * Articles
        * Resource Links
        * Blog
      *   * Contact

Open Mobile Menu

×

×

Thank you! We need your help. Would you share your experience on one of these
sites?

![Google](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Google](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Google](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-
content/themes/mandellaw/assets/images/google1.png)
![Facebook](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Facebook](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Facebook](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-
content/themes/mandellaw/assets/images/facebook1.png)

×

![Google](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Google](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Google](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-
content/themes/mandellaw/assets/images/google1.png)

If you don’t already have a Google account, you should—use it to read and post
reviews, as well as access other Google products like Gmail.

From our Google listing:

  * If prompted, sign up or log in
  * Leave your rating and feedback
  * Click post to share with others.

Click to review us on Google

×

![Facebook](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Facebook](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Facebook](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-
content/themes/mandellaw/assets/images/facebook1.png)

Facebook lets us stay connected with our customers, fans and friends—and now
lets you review businesses.

From our Facebook page:

  * “Like” our page if you want to stay connected with us
  * Find the “Reviews” widget in the body of the page and rate us
  * Log in or sign up if you haven’t already to complete the process

Click to review us on Facebook

×

We strive for 100% customer satisfaction. If we fell short, please tell us
more so we can address your concerns.

  * Your Name*

  * Your E-mail Address*

  * Your Phone Number*

  * Your Message*

  *     * Terms & Conditions The information you obtain at this site is not, nor is it intended to be, legal advice. You should consult an attorney for advice regarding your individual situation. We invite you to contact us and welcome your calls, letters and electronic mail. Contacting us does not create an attorney- client relationship. Please do not send any confidential information to us until such time as an attorney-client relationship has been established.

Δ

  * Close 
  * Skip to Content 
  * High Contrast 
  * Increase Text Size 
  * Clear All 

“I don’t want a lawyer to tell me what I cannot do, I hire him to tell me  
how to do what I want to do.”

– J.P. Morgan

Helping people just like you navigate Family Law issues every day

# Divorce Lawyers in New York City

## Our Practice Areas

  * Family Law
  * Divorce
  * Child Custody & Visitation
  * Child Support
  * LGBTQ Family Law
  * Domestic Violence

#### Family Law

## Family Law

If your family is in crisis or in need of legal help, call us. **The Mandel
Law Firm in New York City provides strong yet compassionate representation in
all areas of family law.** As experienced trial lawyers, we are ready to fight
for you in court if necessary. We promise to aggressively advocate for your
interests in a contested divorce, marital property division dispute or any
other contentious family law matter.

We understand the importance of being able to negotiate an amicable resolution
for all concerned. We can help you negotiate a separation or settlement
agreement, and to obtain an uncontested divorce in an expeditious and cost-
effective manner. **As Steven Mandel says, “It’s important to recognize that
peace has its price.”**

We recognize and respect your need for information, as well as for thoughtful,
practical advice and understanding. Our main goal is always to help you
resolve your legal problems as quickly as possible so you can begin to move
forward with your life. We know that divorce and other family law issues can
have a significant financial impact on families. That’s why we take steps to
protect our clients from being saddled with financial responsibilities they
may not be able to meet in the future. Contact us today to learn more about
this approach and how we can help you.

Read More

#### Divorce

## A Wide Range of Family Law Solutions

If you’re facing divorce, are embroiled in a child custody dispute, need help
to bring a loved one into the country or must defend your immigration status
in a divorce, understanding how to protect your rights and interests begins
with understanding how to assert them. Our Family Law Solutions are right for
you.

Since 1980, Steven J. Mandel has established a reputation for highly effective
and responsive legal representation by thinking in terms of what is required
to obtain the desired results and knowing how to make it happen.

“Our legal system works. The trick is to find an attorney who makes it work
for you rather than against you.” — Attorney Steven J. Mandel

Read More

#### Child Custody & Visitation

## Keeping the Focus on the Child in Child Custody & Visitation Cases

**The Mandel Law Firm** works hard to ensure that all parties remember that
the real focus in any custody dispute is the child. We work with parents in
Manhattan, the Bronx, Brooklyn, Queens, Westchester, and Nassau counties, and
throughout the New York City metro area to reach a result that is in the best
interests of the child and works for all parties involved.

Nothing is more heartbreaking than a child caught in the middle of a custody
battle. **Our child custody & visitation attorneys are parents themselves, so
they understand the joys and rewards, trials and tribulations of parenthood.**
Contact a New York child custody attorney today for experienced and
compassionate representation.

Read More

#### Child Support

## Establishing, Modifying and Enforcing Child Support

Child support is mandated by New York State law and must be included in any
divorce settlement or decree. Contrary to what some people believe, it is not
intended to punish the person required to pay it or reward the custodial
parent who receives it. **It is for the benefit of a child, and the obligation
to pay child support cannot be discharged through bankruptcy or unemployment,
and cannot be voluntarily waived by the custodial parent.** Our child support
attorneys at The Mandel Law Firm will help you understand the law of child
support in New York and assist you to establish, modify or enforce child
support.

“The sole purpose of child support is to benefit the children. It’s not about
rewarding one parent or punishing the other.” — Steven J. Mandel

Read More

#### LGBTQ Family Law

## LGBTQ Family Law

The Mandel Law Firm has been in the forefront of Marriage Equality and all
other LGBTQ Family Law issues for many years. We have offered members of the
LGBTQ community expert guidance in all areas of Family Law. Whether you are
thinking about a prenuptial agreement, contemplating in-vitro fertilization,
thinking about doing a second parent adoption, contemplating divorce, or need
information on estate planning, **The Mandel Law Firm is fully prepared to
satisfy your needs.**

**Many lawyers are gay- friendly, but not many lawyers are as gay-
knowledgeable as Steven J. Mandel.**

Read More

#### Domestic Violence

## Domestic Violence

**Police and civil authorities in New York City and surrounding counties take
reports of domestic violence very seriously, and so does The Mandel Law
Firm.** Unfortunately, the system is not perfect. Without legal
representation, victims of domestic assault may find it difficult to take
advantage of the legal protections available. Conversely, those accused of an
act of domestic assault or spousal abuse may face serious immediate
consequences — prior to any determination of guilt or innocence.

At The Mandel Law Firm, we represent clients in Manhattan, Brooklyn, the
Bronx, Queens and Staten Island and in Nassau and Westchester counties who are
facing issues of domestic violence in their household. Whether legitimate or
fabricated, an allegation of child or spousal assault must be dealt with
effectively and immediately.

Contact us today online or by telephone to speak with an experienced New York
domestic violence attorney about your situation during a confidential
consultation.

Read More

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/03/mandel-group-single-image.png)

There for You When You Need Us the Most

Our founder, Steven J. Mandel, is an experienced trial attorney who has seen a
lot in practicing law in the tough New York legal scene since 1980. Over the
course of his career as a litigator and family law attorney, he has developed
a number of maxims that define, sometimes in a humorous way, his view of the
legal scene. Some are more original than others, but all will make you think.

### What Sets Us Apart?

#### Committed to Our Values & Your Success

  * #### Most lawyers plan to win, but we know how to effectuate the plan.

  * #### The good lawyers know the law, the great lawyers know how to make the law work for you.

  * #### We help clients keep their lives together when their marriages are falling apart.

  * #### At The Mandel Law Firm, we’ve earned our reputation for excellence one client at a time.

“Steve and Ellen Mandel have created not only an outstanding law firm, but a
supportive community that feels like a family during what may sometimes feel
like the most gut-wrenching, heart-breaking part of your life.Divorce is never
easy, but Steve, Ellen and the entire staff at the Mandel Law Firm make it
just a little easier with their un-failing support,loving warmth and kindness,
not to mention their acute legal skills and mental toughness like no other law
firm in New York. You will be in the most excellent care with them. I am
forever grateful to the Mandel Law Firm!”

Cynthia

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/10/Layer-23.png)

# We’re Helping Real People  
Solve Real Problems Everyday

Listen to what they have to say

“When I Needed an Advocate”

Angel Reed

"Mandel Is Not Going to Lose"

Ric Molina

"Steve Performed Magic in the Courtroom"

Grainne O'Fylnn

“Child of Divorce — 35 Years Later”

Milo Meed

"What Men Have to Say About The Mandel Law Firm"

Men

"What Women Have to Say About The Mandel Law Firm"

Women

“A Marine’s Toughest Battle”

Wilson Lopez

“Custody of a 19 Day Old Baby”

Liz Fried

view all videos

Frequently Asked Questions

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/10/child-support-obligations-for-no.jpg)

#### What Are Our New York Divorce Solutions? __

At The Mandel Law Firm, we help people with all aspects of divorce
proceedings. We have extensive trial experience handling divorce disputes,
with a long track record of successful results:

  * Complex High Net Worth Divorce
  * Contested Divorce
  * Lightning Fast Uncontested Divorce
  * Division of Marital Assets
  * Annulments
  * Post-Divorce Disputes
  * Settlement & Separation Agreements
  * Spousal Support (Alimony)
  * Prenuptial and Postnuptial Agreements

#### Our Diverse Family Law Practice __

You don’t have to be a U.S. citizen or be part of a “traditional” family to
benefit from our experience. The Mandel Law Firm has helped many immigrants
with their family law problems. We are also well-versed in the family law
solutions available to the LGBTQ community:

  * Immigration for Family Members and Fiancés
  * Divorce and immigration
  * Gay and Lesbian Family Law
  * Cohabitation Agreements
  * Gay and Lesbian Divorce
  * LGBTQ Child Custody Issues
  * Second Parent Adoptions
  * Pet Custody
  * Family Law for Military Personnel
  * Estate Planning Before, During, and After Divorce

#### Trouble in the Home __

Issues in your home can be especially sensitive and potentially dangerous. Our
goal is to ensure the welfare of the innocent:

  * Domestic Violence
  * Child Abuse, Neglect and Removal Proceedings
  * Orders of Protection

#### Protecting the Best Interests of the Children __

When children are the subject of a family law dispute, the stakes are raised
enormously. Our lawyers help parents find solutions to reduce the amount of
emotional trauma children experience as a result of a variety of family
issues:

  * Child Custody and Visitation
  * Child Support
  * Paternity
  * Grandparent and Non-Biological Parent Visitation
  * Parental Relocation Requests & Abductions
  * International Family Law & Hague Convention Cases

#### Alimony- How Much? How Long? __

For couples divorcing in New York, alimony or "Spousal Support" is often a
crucial issue to consider. The courts officially refer to this as
"Maintenance". What is Spousal Maintenance? It's where one spouse pays the
other either spouse. This money is paid by the higher-earning spouse to the
other for a specified time. Watch this short video about this topic to learn
more.

Watch This Video

## On Air Appearances

**Over his many years of practicing law, Steven J.Mandel has not only been
quoted extensively as a legal expert by every major New York newspaper
publication as well as national publications, but has regularly shared his
insights and legal analysis on both TV and Radio.**

TV commercial

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/12/tamoron-hall.png)

Tamoron Hall

Marrying Millions

## Recent Blogs

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/10/divorce-rings-scaled.jpg)

## Thinking About Divorce? Things You Should Prepare for When You Finally Meet
Your Attorney

November 15, 2023

Experts say that divorce rates tend to spike after the holidays. The
statistics should not come as…

read more

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/10/divorce--scaled.jpg)

## Why Paid Divorce Lawyer Consultations Are Game-Changers for Your Legal
Journey

November 1, 2023

Are you facing the daunting prospect of divorce and wondering whether it's
worth investing in…

read more

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/09/child-custody-dad-and-kid-scaled.jpg)

## Does New York Favor the Mother or the Father in Child Custody Issues?

October 15, 2023

One of the biggest concerns for parents going through a divorce in New York
is…

read more

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/09/green-card-scaled.jpg)

## Will I Lose My Immigration Status After My Divorce?

October 1, 2023

Divorce is complicated enough. When you add immigration issues into the mix,
it becomes an…

read more

![](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/ab-seal-
horizontal-large.png)

![](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/10/NewYorkTimes.svg_.png)

![](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/AV-Preeminent-
Logo-100px.png)

![](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Avvo-rating.jpg)

![](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/client-champion-
gold-2022-640w.png)

![](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Vector-Smart-
Object.png)

![](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Layer-16.png)

![](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Layer-15.png)

![](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Layer-14.png)

## Contact Us

#### Get the help you need by filling out the below form

  * Your Name*

  * Your E-mail Address*

  * Your Phone Number*

  * Your Message*

  *     * Terms & Conditions The information you obtain at this site is not, nor is it intended to be, legal advice. You should consult an attorney for advice regarding your individual situation. We invite you to contact us and welcome your calls, letters and electronic mail. Contacting us does not create an attorney- client relationship. Please do not send any confidential information to us until such time as an attorney-client relationship has been established.

Δ

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://mandellawfirm.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/10/Layer-42.png)

This may be the first time you’re facing a divorce, a child custody battle, a
spousal support and maintenance (alimony) issue or another family law matter,
but it’s not ours. The Mandel Law Firm in New York City offers you individual
attention, knowledgeable guidance and experienced, aggressive

Quick Links

  * Home
  * Practice Areas
  * Attorney Profiles
  * What Clients Say
  * About Us
  * Contact

![The Mandel Law Firm BBB Business
Review](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![The
Mandel Law Firm BBB Business Review](https://seal-newyork.bbb.org/seals/blue-
seal-250-52-whitetxt-bbb-87169681.png)

Contact Us

  * **The Mandel Law Firm**   
One Grand Central Place  
60 East 42nd Street, Suite 810  
New York, NY 10165

  * (646)770 3868

Review Us

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/10/Layer-43.png)

Recent Blogs

  * ![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/divorce-rings-scaled.jpg)

Thinking About Divorce? Things You Should Prepare for When You Finally Meet
Your Attorney

  * ![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/divorce--scaled.jpg)

Why Paid Divorce Lawyer Consultations Are Game-Changers for Your Legal Journey

  * ![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://www.mandellawfirm.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/child-custody-dad-and-kid-scaled.jpg)

Does New York Favor the Mother or the Father in Child Custody Issues?

This website contains general information about The Mandel Law Firm and is not
intended to be a source of legal advice for any purpose. Neither receipt of
information presented on this site, nor the sending of any email or other
electronic communication to The Mandel Law Firm, or its lawyers through this
site shall create an attorney-client relationship, and any such email or
communication will not be treated as confidential. No user of this site should
act or refrain from acting on the basis of information included on this site
without seeking legal advice of counsel. The Mandel Law Firm expressly
disclaims all liability with respect to actions taken or not taken based on
any content in this site. This web site may be considered Attorney
Advertising.

  * Disclaimer
  * Site Map
  * Privacy Policy

Copyright © .  \- The Mandel Law Firm Design By:
www.precisionlegalmarketing.com

  * __Menu
  * __Attorney
  * __
  * __Email
  * __Blogs

  * Home
  * Practice Areas
    * Adult Sexual Abuse Claims
    * Divorce
      * Complex High Net Worth Divorce
      * Contested Divorce
      * Lightning Fast No-Fault Divorce
      * Division of Marital Assets
      * Annulments
      * Post-Divorce Disputes
      * Separation Agreements
    * Child Support
      * Modifications & Enforcements of Child Support & Spousal Maintenance
    * Child Custody and Visitation
      * Child Custody and Visitation
      * Grandparent & Non-Biological Parent Custody & Visitation
      * Parental Relocation Requests & Abduction
      * International Family Law & Hague Convention Cases
      * Pet Custody Matters
    * Family Law
      * Adult Sexual Abuse Claims
      * Spousal Support/Alimony
      * Paternity
      * Prenuptial & Postnuptial Agreements
      * Non-Traditional Adoption
      * Immigration for Family Members & Fiancées
      * Impact of Divorce on Immigration Status
      * Family Law For Military Personnel
    * Domestic Violence
      * Order of Protection
      * False Allegations of Abuse in Divorce Actions
      * Child Abuse, Neglect & Removal Proceedings
    * Gay & Lesbian Family Law
      * LGBTQ Divorce
      * LGBTQ Child Custody Rights
      * LGBTQ Life & Estate Planning
      * Domestic Partnership/Cohabitation Agreements
      * LGBTQ Prenuptial Agreements
    * Pet Custody
  * Attorney Profiles
    * Steven J. Mandel
    * Hon. Jane Pearl (Ret.)
    * James Nemia
    * Marilyn T Sugarman
    * Julia Cagin
  * What Clients Say
  * About Us
    * Areas We Serve
      * Chelsea Family Lawyers
      * Grand Central Family Lawyers
      * Greenwich Village Family Lawyers
      * Lower Manhattan Family Lawyers
      * Midtown Family Lawyers
      * Soho Family Lawyers
      * Upper West Side Family Lawyers
      * Wall Street Family Lawyers
      * West Village Family Lawyers
    * Mandel’s Laws
    * How to Choose the Right Attorney
    * Media
    * Results
    * Videos
    * Articles
    * Resource Links
    * Blog
  * Contact

Back To Top

×

