![logo](https://scaffidi.wpenginepowered.com/wp-
content/uploads/2017/12/scaffidi-logo-2.svg)

![en](https://scaffidi.wpenginepowered.com/wp-
content/plugins/gtranslate/flags/16/en-us.png) English

![en](https://scaffidi.wpenginepowered.com/wp-
content/plugins/gtranslate/flags/16/en-us.png)
English![es](https://scaffidi.wpenginepowered.com/wp-
content/plugins/gtranslate/flags/16/es.png) Español

  * __
  * __
  * __

212.593.2155

__Contact Us!

Menu __

  * About
  * Medical Malpractice
    * Anesthesia Errors
    * Birth Injuries
      * Cerebral Palsy
    * Emergency Room Negligence
    * Hospital Negligence
    * Misdiagnosis and Failure to Diagnose
      * Cancer Misdiagnosis
    * Misread Test Results
    * Surgical Errors
    * Prescription Drug Errors
  * Personal Injury
    * Motor Vehicle Accidents
      * Bicycle Accidents
      * Car Accidents
      * Distracted Driving Accidents
      * Motorcycle Accidents
      * Motor Scooter
      * Pedestrian Accidents
      * Ridesharing Accidents
      * SUV Rollover Accidents
      * Truck Accidents
      * Types of Car Accidents
    * Types of Injuries
      * Brain Injuries
      * Burn Injuries
      * Spinal Cord Injuries
    * Construction Accidents
    * Mass Transit Accidents
    * Municipality Liability
    * Nursing Home Abuse/Negligence
    * Premise Liability
    * Product Liability
    * Wrongful Death
  * Real Estate
    * Ownership, Title & Deed Issues
    * Residential Real Estate Closing
  * Business Law & Litigation
    * Breach of Contract
    * Business Contracts
    * Business Tort Litigation
    * Commercial Litigation
  * Other Areas
    * Appellate Law
    * Employment Law
      * Discrimination
      * Employment Agreements
      * Sexual Harassment
    * Trusts, Estates & Surrogate’s Court
      * Estate Litigation
      * Probate & Estate Administration
      * Special Needs Planning
  * Case Results
  * Testimonials
  * Blog
  * Contact

Over Three-Quarters Of A Billion Recovered For Our Clients

Founded on a principle to always put the best interests of our clients first,
our legal team has a well-earned reputation for being thoroughly prepared,
knowledgeable, and tenacious advocates.

Learn More

medical malpractice

We Know the Medicine

Learn More

personal injury

We Will Never Stop Fighting For You

Learn More

Real estate

Assisting Our Clients With All Their Real Estate Needs

Learn More

Business Law

Helping navigate your business through unfamiliar terrain

Learn More

Scroll

  1.   2.   3.   4.   5. 

![Best Law Firms - Regional Tier 1
Badge](https://scaffidi.wpenginepowered.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/02/Metro-34557-spec111-ed12-new-york-city-Detail-
Original-e1645765027332.png)

![american board of trial advocates
logo](https://scaffidi.wpenginepowered.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/abta-
logo.png)

![Top 100 Trial Lawyers](https://scaffidi.wpenginepowered.com/wp-
content/uploads/2018/02/top100-logo.png)

![white superlawyers logo](https://scaffidi.wpenginepowered.com/wp-
content/uploads/2018/02/superlawyers-logo.png)

![Lawyers of distinction logo](https://scaffidi.wpenginepowered.com/wp-
content/uploads/2018/02/lod-logo.png)

![AV Preeminet Martindale Lawyer Rating
Logo](https://scaffidi.wpenginepowered.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/av-
logo.png)

![America's Top 100 Attorneys logo](https://scaffidi.wpenginepowered.com/wp-
content/uploads/2018/12/ATL.png)

![Top 25 Trial Lawyers Medical
Malpractice](https://scaffidi.wpenginepowered.com/wp-
content/uploads/2018/12/top25.png)

![LCA fellow logo](https://scaffidi.wpenginepowered.com/wp-
content/uploads/2018/12/LCA-1.png)

![ny_nyc_medical-malpractice-
attorney_2022](https://scaffidi.wpenginepowered.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/01/ny_nyc_medical-malpractice-attorney_2022.webp)

Whether you or a loved one were seriously injured as a result of medical
malpractice or someone’s negligence, or you’re involved in a business or real
estate transaction, or are buying or selling real estate, you’ll want the best
attorneys in your corner. At Scaffidi & Associates, we have a reputation for
being just that – tenacious litigators, tireless advocates, and skilled
negotiators. Our attorneys utilize their skills to provide comprehensive legal
services on a wide range of matters to individuals and businesses throughout
the greater New York City area, Connecticut, and New Jersey, in both the State
and Federal Courts.

In the courtroom, Roy Scaffidi and the trial attorneys at Scaffidi &
Associates, have few equals and are among the true elite in New York. Mr.
Scaffidi has been recognized as one of the top trial lawyers in New York City
and the country, as demonstrated by the firm’s recognition in “The Best
Lawyers in America,” US News/Best Lawyers Best Law Firms, Super Lawyers,
Lawyers of Distinction, and the National Trial Lawyers Top 100, as well as Mr.
Scaffidi’s membership in the American Board of Trial Advocates, the Litigation
Counsel of America, and his AV Preeminent rating in Martindale Hubbell. The
firm has an unparalleled reputation for understanding and analyzing the
medicine, and handling even the most complicated cases, breaking them down,
and presenting them to a jury in a way that makes it easy for them to
understand. Let the firm of Scaffidi & Associates fight for you and be your
warrior in the CourtroomLearn More

#  **Top Attorneys in New York City**

![Roy Scaffidi and the trial attorneys at Scaffidi & Associates posing for a
group photo in their New Your City law
firm.](https://scaffidi.wpenginepowered.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/09/HL3A9605-scaled.jpg)

## Verdicts & Settlements

$9,027,000

Settlement for a Bronx County infant that contracted meningitis that was not
properly diagnosed and treated by her pediatrician and hospital staff.

$27,636,000

Verdict in Queens County for a newborn who suffered neurological injuries as a
result of the defendant hospital’s failure to timely perform a cesarean
section for fetal distress.

$17,464,488

Verdict for the wrongful death of a Queens wife and mother who died after the
doctors and hospital failed to timely diagnose and treat encephalitis.

See More Success Stories

## **WHY SCAFFIDI & ASSOCIATES**

Scaffidi & Associates was founded in 1985 on the simple yet vital principle:
that everyone, regardless of circumstance, is entitled to equal justice under
the law. Mr. Scaffidi began the firm after spending nearly a decade at a
prestigious Manhattan defense firm, representing physicians and corporate
defendants and trying their most serious cases. For more than three decades,
the firm has succeeded in leveling the playing field in many legal areas by
providing our clients with strong, tireless advocates and the same access to
high-powered, quality litigators as those enjoyed by the defendants and their
insurance carriers. Over that time, the firm has expanded its practice by
utilizing their skills in the courtroom and the negotiating table to represent
corporate, commercial, and residential clients, bringing that same level of
commitment and zeal that brought the outstanding results for which they have
come to be known.

Learn More

![whyus_img](https://scaffidi.wpenginepowered.com/wp-
content/uploads/2018/01/whyus-img.jpg)

**At Scaffidi & Associates, we have a proven record of success and a well-
deserved reputation for fighting for our clients every step of the way.**

We have always believed that everyone is entitled to equal justice under the
law and so we tirelessly dedicate ourselves to protecting the rights of our
clients. For our transactional, business, trust & estate, and real estate
clients, we fully understand that navigating the legal system can be
complicated and confusing. We take the stress out of the process by explaining
the various options and helping our clients achieve positive results.

## What Our Clients Say

Roy Scaffidi and his team of attorneys are outstanding, professional, and at
the top of their profession. They provide personal attention and results. A
better law firm you will not find. From the first meeting you will immediately
sense you made the right decision, as did I. The firm’s focus is...

I want to thank you for your amazing work in not only successfully settling my
case but to do it so quickly. I was so relieved that I didn’t have to testify.
But it’s hard to believe this is finally behind me. It will take a while for
it to...

Compassion and a search for justice during all phases of the litigation, and
genius and skill in the courtroom, resulted in a multi-million dollar award in
our wrongful death lawsuit. I lost both my only child, my daughter who was 5
1/2 months pregnant, and my unborn grandson due to...

If you need a tough law firm then Scaffidi & Associates is the one for you.
They are tough on their opponents yes, but they are tough on their clients as
well. You will be prepared come your day in court. If you're looking to b.s.
don't bother. With Scaffidi...

I have been a client of Scaffidi & Associates for 40 years. They are hard-
working, honest, dedicated men and women who work diligently for you in your
time of need. I recommend them to anyone who needs their services during a
difficult time.

See More Testimonials

## **SCAFFIDI & ASSOCIATES SERVICES**

**Our attorneys come from diverse legal backgrounds and are equally
comfortable representing both plaintiffs and defendants, individuals and
businesses, in the courtroom or across the negotiating table**.

**Regardless of the client, forum, location, or opponent, we leverage our
knowledge and skills to achieve the best results for our clients. Being
involved in a legal dispute is never easy, but there’s no need to go it alone.
By working with our team of personal injury lawyers and other experienced
legal professionals, you will have the confidence of knowing that we will
level the playing field and be with you every step of the way.**

![two men at conference table](https://scaffidi.wpenginepowered.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/09/HL3A8872-min-1024x683-1.jpg) ![three lawyers at
work](https://scaffidi.wpenginepowered.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/09/HL3A9282-min-1024x746-1.jpg)

  * Personal Injury

Personal Injury

Although being injured in an accident can be an overwhelming experience, our
legal team helps clients obtain the compensation they deserve.

  * Medical   
Malpractice

Medical  
Malpractice

People who place their trust in the hands of medical professionals deserve
just compensation when medical mistakes cause injuries.

  * Real Estate

Real Estate

Buying or sell property is an exciting experience, but engaging in successful
transactions often hinges on the advice and counsel of experienced real estate
attorneys.

  * Business Law &   
Litigation

Business Law & Litigation

As any business owner can attest, disputes, misunderstandings and
disagreements are inevitable, which makes having first class legal
representation essential.

  * Other   
Practice Areas

Other Practice Areas

## Meet Our Team

Through the years, the firm has often been acknowledged by our peers as one of
the premier law firms in medical malpractice, personal injury, real estate,
and commercial litigation. Our attorneys received their law degrees from some
of the most prestigious law schools in the nation and are admitted to practice
in the state and federal courts. We have a proven track record of helping our
clients resolve their most pressing challenges.

Attorney at Law

### Roy F. Scaffidi

Learn More

Attorney at Law

### Robert Marino

Learn More

Attorney at Law

### Kevin B. Lynch

Learn More

Attorney at Law

### Anthony J. Scaffidi

Learn More

Attorney at Law

### James F. Scaffidi

Learn More

Attorney at Law • Of Counsel

### Victor Guzman

Learn More

## **TECHNOLOGY DRIVEN**

The attorneys and staff at Scaffidi & Associates utilize leading technological
advances in the office, in the courtroom, and on the road to achieve continued
success for our clients. The hub for our technology-based system is our case
management software, which incorporates cloud-based document storage (with
enterprise-grade encrypted security) that allows our attorneys immediate
access to case files from anywhere in the world, and a client portal that
provides direct and secure communication and document transfer, via the web or
mobile app, among our clients, attorneys, and staff.

In addition, with advances in e-signature capabilities, many of our clients,
from Brooklyn, the Bronx, Queens, Manhattan, or Staten Island, and out on Long
Island, or in Westchester, Rockland, and Orange Counties, are now able to sign
and return documents and contracts from the comfort of their home or office,
using just a computer or mobile device, without the need to make a special
trip to our office. In the courtroom, our trial presentation software allows
for cutting edge presentation of evidence to the Judge and jury, an important
tool in helping them to understand otherwise complex medical and evidentiary
issues. The firm remains at the forefront of technology as it relates to the
practice of law, and we are driven to provide the best possible representation
for all our clients.

Regardless of the size of a case, we treat each client with dignity and
respect and provide them with caring, efficient service. We handle the details
of every matter so that our clients can focus on their day-to-day lives.

The hallmark of any attorney is preparation, and we approach each case as if
it were going trial. That said, our legal team is nimble and quite capable of
pivoting toward a detailed and intricate settlement negotiation, if that is in
our client’s best interest. Above all, our mission is to deliver a satisfying
client experience.

Regardless of the size of a case, we treat each client with dignity and
respect and provide them with caring, efficient service. We handle the details
of every matter so that our clients can focus on their day-to-day lives.

The hallmark of any attorney is preparation, and we approach each case as if
it were going trial. Nonetheless, our legal team is nimble and quite capable
of pivoting toward a detailed and intricate settlement negotiation. Above all,
our mission is to deliver a satisfying client experience.

![woman at desk with laptop](https://scaffidi.wpenginepowered.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/09/woman-at-desk-with-laptop-1024x683.jpg)

## faqs

  * What is negligence?
  * What is medical malpractice?
  * What is my case worth?
  * Will my case go to trial? Will we be able to settle out of court?
  * Does hiring a lawyer cost me any money?
  * What is a Trust?
  * What is a Supplemental Needs Trust?
  * What are the grounds for a discrimination or harassment claim?

Negligence, under the law, is a lack of ordinary care. Negligence may arise
from doing something that a reasonably prudent person would not do or, on the
other hand, from not doing something that a reasonably prudent person would
...

Learn More

Medical malpractice is negligence by a healthcare provider. To have a valid
medical malpractice claim, you need to satisfy two elements. First, there has
to be some act of negligence by a doctor, hospital or other medical
provider...

Learn More

This is one of the most commonly asked questions. As often as that question is
asked, it is very difficult to assess at this point. Although some may suggest
otherwise, the true value of any case is based upon a combination of sev...

Learn More

This is another difficult question to answer. We prepare every single case,
from day one, as if it were going to go to trial. Preparation is the key to
success and, often times, is the key to encouraging a pre-trial settlement.
If...

Learn More

It has always been, and will always continue to be, our philosophy that the
innocent victims of negligence are entitled to top-notch legal representation
regardless of their means. As a result, we do not seek any up-front
compensa...

Learn More

A Trust is type of document that provides guidelines for how certain property
or assets should be held or used for the benefit of the beneficiaries of that
Trust. The person in charge of the Trust is known as the Trustee. Trusts c...

Learn More

A Supplemental Needs Trust is a document that allows the beneficiary to enjoy
the benefits of a Trust, while still maintaining eligibility for Medicaid and
certain other government entitlement programs. Monies held in a Supplement...

Learn More

Per the regulations of the United States Equal Employment Opportunity
Commission (the EEOC), it is illegal to discriminate against someone
(applicant or employee) because of that person's race, color, religion, sex
(includin...

Learn More

## CONTACT US ABOUT YOUR CASE

We encourage you to take the time to explore this website as the information
provided here will answer many of your questions. We believe that an educated
client is our best client. We are also readily available to discuss your case
in confidence, whether it’s a matter involving personal injury, medical
malpractice, real estate, or other legal challenges. Regardless of the issue
you are facing, we are uniquely qualified to provide you with exceptional
legal representation and personal service. Call our office or complete the
contact form on our website to set up a consultation.

  * Name*

First Last

  * Email*

  * Phone

  * Questions/Comments

  * CAPTCHA

  * Email

This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

__

![en](https://scaffidi.wpenginepowered.com/wp-
content/plugins/gtranslate/flags/16/en-us.png) English

![en](https://scaffidi.wpenginepowered.com/wp-
content/plugins/gtranslate/flags/16/en-us.png)
English![es](https://scaffidi.wpenginepowered.com/wp-
content/plugins/gtranslate/flags/16/es.png) Español

__Client Portal

![logo](https://scaffidi.wpenginepowered.com/wp-
content/uploads/2017/12/scaffidi-logo-3.svg)

777 Third Avenue Suite 27-A, New York, NY 10017

©  Scaffidi & Associates | Attorney Advertisement

**TEL** 212.593.2155

__Contact Us!

Disclaimer - This website is provided for general information on our law firm
and its areas of practice. Information on this website is not intended to
create an attorney-client relationship, nor does it constitute legal advice to
anyone receiving such information. No electronic communication with Scaffidi &
Associates on its own will generate an attorney-client relationship, nor will
it be considered an attorney-client privileged communication. No electronic
communication with Scaffidi & Associates will generate an obligation on their
part to respond. Prior results do not guarantee a similar outcome.

  * __
  * __
  * __

Sitemap

