Law Office of Lauren Vzquez, The Fired Up Lawyer, Est 2011.  * Services    * Legal Services    * Cannabis Inspection Protection  * State Licenses    * License Types    * Who Does What    * Keep Your License  * Our Team  * Connect  * Law Office of Lauren Vzquez,  The Fired Up Lawyer, Est 2011.## Our ServicesSIGN UP##### Legal Advice and Consultations##### State & Local Licensing##### Incorporation and  LLC Formation#####  la Carte ServicesGet started with our comprehensive consultation, perfect if you need help learning the ins and outs of the cannabis industry, including hemp and CBD. We'll help you understand your business options. We also offer consultations to advise on specific questions, prospective projects, and various business matters. "Can my business do X?" "Do I have to do AB&C?" "Am I doing this right?" No, yes, maybe we'll discuss!Medical and Adult-Use businesses must have a state and local license to operate. The state is now accepting license applications. Local city & county licenses are increasingly becoming available. We can advise you on the licensing process, owner and location eligibility, preparing and compiling the application materials, supplemental state registrations, and more.A strong foundation is necessary to succeed in the cannabis industry. Your business can take various forms and we can optimize your business structure depending on your financial needs, liability risks, and other concerns. We can ensure your business is properly set up, explain the operating rules, and advise you on your legal obligations.Need a trademark? Want a lease reviewed? Stuck on the terms of a contract? Need advice for a new product? Have an old corporation or LLC that needs updating? Do your labels follow all the rules? Are you keeping all the right records? We can help with these and other legal needs that pop up when operating in this highly regulated industry.###### What happened to Collectives & Cooperatives?## Our Services##### Legal Advice & ConsultationsGet started with our comprehensive consultation, perfect if you need help learning the ins and outs of the cannabis industry, including hemp and CBD. Well help you understand your business options. We also offer consultations to advise on specific questions, prospective projects, and various business matters. "Can my business do X?" "Do I have to do AB&C?" "Am I doing this right?" No, yes, maybe we'll discuss!   Click for service details.##### State & Local LicensingMedical and Adult-Use businesses must have a state and local license to operate. The state is now accepting license applications. Local city & county licenses are increasingly becoming available. We can advise you on the licensing process, owner and location eligibility, preparing and compiling the application materials, supplemental state registrations, and more.   Click for service details.##### Corporation and LLC FormationA strong foundation is necessary to succeed in the cannabis industry. Your business can take various forms and we can optimize your business structure depending on your financial needs, liability risks, and other concerns. We can ensure your business is properly set up, explain the operating rules, and advise you on your legal obligations.   Click for service details.#####  la Carte ServicesNeed a trademark? Want a lease reviewed? Stuck on the terms of a contract? Need advice for a new product? Have an old corporation or LLC that needs updating? Do your labels follow all the rules? Are you keeping all the right records? We can help with these and other legal needs that pop up when operating in this highly regulated industry.  Click for service details.###### What happened to  Collectives & Cooperatives?## Service Details and Fees*The Law Office offers a full range of legal services for the cannabis industry. Most clients start with our comprehensive consultation, however every client is different and we will provide you with custom services that fit your needs.SIGN UP##### Legal Advice & ConsultationsWe offer a comprehensive consultation that includes:  * Advice specific to what you want to do and where you want to do it  * Explanation of Californias new cannabis laws under MAUCRSA including state license types and requirements  * Local city and county license, permit, and tax requirements  * Overview of federal laws, risks, and consequences  * Industry-Insider news  * Referrals for industry expertsThe Comprehensive Consultation lasts approximately 2 hours. The fee is $600.  We also offer one hour consultations if you need help with a specific legal or business matter. One hour in-person is $350, Online $300.### State & Local LicensingBoth the medical and adult use cannabis laws (MAUCRSA) require a state and local license to operate a cannabis business. The state has been issuing licenses since early 2018. Local licenses are available in cities and counties across the state. Our licensing service includes initial business preparation, owner & property eligibility review, assistance with leases, partnership agreements, licensing deals, and other business contracts. We also advise and assist with supplemental state and local registrations, preparing and compiling the application materials, and application submission. The fee varies based on the level of assistance you will need. Contact us for details.Visit our State Licensing Resources pageIncorporation and LLC FormationA corporation or LLC is necessary to protect the business owners from personal liability. Having a solid business structure in place prevents disputes and attracts investors. The following are included in our Incorporation and LLC Formation services:  * Advice on the best business structure for you (Stock Corporation, LLC, B-Corp, Cooperative, Nonprofit, etc.)  * Advice for your business name  * Draft and file all the required state forms including the Statement of Information follow-up filing  * Draft the governance documents including bylaws or operating agreement, initial resolutions, and minutes for the first Board meeting  * Advise and draft stock options and shareholder agreements for the business  * Assistance filing for a Seller's Permit, Taxpayer ID, and Fictitious Business Name (DBA)  * Business binder to store all of your documents and required records  * In-person consultation to sign your documents, complete the initial actions to finalize your business, and review the requirements for operating your businessThe fee is $3,000 and up (plus state filing fees) depending on the type of entity, number of owners, and other factors. #####  la Carte Services  * Trademarks & Services Marks  * Contract and Lease Drafting & Review  * Advice for Name and Logo protection  * Corporate compliance check  * Update an existing Corporation or LLC  * Compliance review of product labels and packaging  * Review website, ads, and promotional materials  * Record-Keeping Audit  * Employee policies and labor law compliance  * Know your rights trainings for managers and staff  * Dissolve a company  * Contact us with special requests la Carte services billed $500 for the first hour, $300 per additional hour, or flat rate. Contact us to receive an estimateNonprofit Collectives & CooperativesUnder the former SB 420 regulations, associations of patients called collectives and cooperatives operated under a closed-loop model to produce and provide medical cannabis for their members. Only members could make purchases and in turn the association could only acquire cannabis and cannabis products from its member base. Members that cultivated cannabis or manufactured cannabis products for other members were commonly called vendors. Both the associations and the individual vendors were required to operate not for profit. This gave them a narrow defense to felony criminal prosecution. No state licenses existed for cannabis businesses to operate.In 2015, the State Legislature replaced the SB 420 regulations with MMRSA, the Medical Marijuana Regulation and Safety Act. MMRSA created the new state licensing system for medical cannabis sales. In MMRSA, the Legislature voted to end the collective and cooperative model. All collectives had until January 2019 to obtain a state adult-use or medical cannabis business license. Without a license they no longer have a defense to criminal charges. Only businesses with a state license will be allowed to sell cannabis. Patient-to-patient and person-to-person sales are illegal (though Prop 64 reduced most charges from felonies to misdemeanors). The Bureau of Cannabis Control has begun enforcement actions against unlicensed collectives and vendors. Contact us if you need assistance with your collective or cooperative.##### Rates & Fees*  * Comprehensive Consultation - $600  * One hour consultation - Online $300, In-Person $350  * Incorporation, LLC Formation - $3000+ plus state fees, based on the type of entity, number of owners, and other factors. Includes in-person consultation to review documents & requirements  * Nonprofit Formation - Varies, plus state fees  * State & Local License Applications - From $2,000 to $20,000+ based on the level of assistance you will need.  *  la Carte Services - $500 for the first hour, $300 per additional hour or flat fee. Contact us to receive an estimate*Rates & Fees may change without notice##### Legal Advice & ConsultationsWe offer a comprehensive consultation that includes:  * Advice specific to what you want to do and where you want to do it  * Explanation of Californias new cannabis laws under MAUCRSA including state license types and requirements  * Local city and county license, permit, and tax requirements  * Overview of federal laws, risks, and consequences  * Industry-Insider news  * Referrals for industry expertsThe Comprehensive Consultation lasts approximately 2 hours. The fee is $600.  We also offer one hour consultations if you need help with a specific legal or business matter. One hour in-person is $350, Online $300.### State & Local LicensingBoth the medical and adult use cannabis laws (MAUCRSA) require a state and local license to operate a cannabis business. The state has been issuing licenses since early 2018. Local licenses are available in cities and counties across the state. Our licensing service includes initialbusiness preparation, owner & property eligibility review, assistance with leases, partnership agreements, licensing deals, and other business contracts. We also advise and assist with supplemental state and local registrations, preparing and compiling the application materials, and application submission.The fee varies based on the level of assistance you will need. Contact us for details.Visit our State Licensing Resources pageIncorporation and LLC FormationA corporation or LLC is necessary to protect the business owners from personal liability. Having a solid business structure in place prevents disputes and attracts investors. The following are included in our Incorporation and LLC Formation services:  * Advice on the best business structure for you (Stock Corporation, LLC, B-Corp, Cooperative, Nonprofit, etc.)  * Advice for your business name  * Draft and file all the required state forms including the Statement of Information follow-up filing  * Draft the governance documents including bylaws or operating agreement, initial resolutions, and minutes for the first Board meeting  * Advise and draft stock options and shareholder agreements for the business  * Assistance filing for a Seller's Permit, Taxpayer ID, and Fictitious Business Name (DBA)  * Business binder to store all of your documents and required records  * In-person consultation to sign your documents, complete the initial actions to finalize your business, and review the requirements for operating your businessThe fee is $3,000 and up (plus state filing fees) depending on the type of entity, number of owners, and other factors. #####  la Carte Services  * Trademarks & Service Marks  * Contract and Lease Review  * Advice for Name and Logo protection  * Update an existing Corporation or LLC  * Compliance review of product labels and packaging  * Review website, ads, and promotional materials  * Record-Keeping Audit  * Employee policies and labor law compliance  * Know your rights trainings for managers and staff  * Dissolve a company  * Contact us with special requests la Carte services billed $500 for the first hour, $300 per additional hour or flat rate. Contact us for an estimate.Nonprofit Collectives & CooperativesUnder the former SB 420 regulations, associations of patients called collectives and cooperatives operated under a closed-loop model to produce and provide medical cannabis for their members. Only members could make purchases and in turn the association could only acquire cannabis and cannabis products from its member base. Members that cultivated cannabis or manufactured cannabis products for other members were commonly called vendors. Both the associations and the individual vendors were required to operate not for profit. This gave them a narrow defense to felony criminal prosecution. No state licenses existed for cannabis businesses to operate.In 2015, the State Legislature replaced the SB 420 regulations with MMRSA, the Medical Marijuana Regulation and Safety Act. MMRSA created the new state licensing system for medical cannabis sales. In MMRSA, the Legislature voted to end the collective and cooperative model. All collectives had until January 2019 to obtain a state adult-use or medical cannabis business license. Without a license they no longer have a defense to criminal charges. Only businesses with a state license will be allowed to sell cannabis. Patient-to-patient and person-to-person sales are illegal (though Prop 64 reduced most charges from felonies to misdemeanors). The Bureau of Cannabis Control has begun enforcement actions against unlicensed collectives and vendors. Contact us if you need assistance with your collective or cooperative.##### Rates & Fees*  * Comprehensive Consultation - $600  * One hour Consultation - Online $300, In-Person $350  * Incorporation, LLC Formation - $3000+ plus state fees, based on the type of entity, number of owners, and other factors. Includes in-person consultation to review documents & requirements  * Nonprofit Formation - Varies, plus state fees  * State & Local License Applications - From $2,000 to $20,000+ based on the level of assistance you will need.  *  la Carte Services - $500 for the first hour, $300 per additional hour, or flat rate. Contact us to receive an estimate*Rates & Fees may change without notice  * Home  * Services  * Our Team  * Connect  * Terms of UseCopyright 2011-2024, Lauren Vzquez, All Rights Reserved. Licensed by the California State Bar #267880. The information on this website is provided for informational purposes only and does not contain legal advice, legal opinions, or any other form of advice regarding any specific facts or circumstances. You should always consult a lawyer for individual advice regarding your own situation. Contacting Lauren Vzquez, the Fired Up Lawyer, does not contractually obligate her to represent you. The information provided on this website is not intended to create an attorney-client relationship. The attorney-client relationship is not created until the user submits payment and executes the formal Attorney-Client Agreement. Please do not send any confidential information until such time as an attorney-client relationship has been established. Any testimonial or endorsement on this website does not constitute a guarantee, warranty, or prediction regarding the outcome of your legal matter. This website is an advertisement. This website is an advertisement. Address: 101 Broadway #259 Oakland, CA 94607. Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com  * Home  * Our Team  * Services  * Connect  * TermsCopyright 2011-2024, Lauren Vzquez, All Rights Reserved. Licensed by the California State Bar #267880. The information on this website is provided for informational purposes only and does not contain legal advice, legal opinions, or any other form of advice regarding any specific facts or circumstances. You should always consult a lawyer for individual advice regarding your own situation. Contacting Lauren Vzquez, the Fired Up Lawyer, does not contractually obligate her to represent you. The information provided on this website is not intended to create an attorney-client relationship. The attorney-client relationship is not created until the user submits payment and executes the formal Attorney-Client Agreement. Please do not send any confidential information until such time as an attorney-client relationship has been established. Any testimonial or endorsement on this website does not constitute a guarantee, warranty, or prediction regarding the outcome of your legal matter. This website is an advertisement. This website is an advertisement. Address: 101 Broadway #259 Oakland, CA 94607. Icon made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com__ Menu