  * Free Case Evaluation: **(973) 845-9922** Tap Here to Call Us 

![Logo of Lenzo & Reis, LLC](/images/justia-newjerseyemploymentattorneys-
com.png)Lenzo & Reis Home

Contact Lenzo & Reis

  * Home
  * About Us
    * Firm News
    * Mentions
  * Attorney Profiles
  * Practice Areas
  * Results
  * Client Reviews
  * Articles
  * COVID-19
  * Contact Us

![Attorneys Photo](/images/slides/01/1300.jpg)

We Fight As Hard As You Work

We help all kinds of employees with legal issues in the workplace.

Contact Us Now For a Free Case Evaluation

**$5 million** Executive  
Severance Pay

**$4 million** Whistleblower  
Retaliation

**$1.5 million** Retaliation

**$1.2 million** Whistleblower  
Retaliation

**$1.1 million** Age  
Discrimination

**$1 million** Gender  
Discrimination

![Justia Lawyer Rating](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Super Lawyers](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Super Lawyers](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Best Lawyers - Lawyer of the Year](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Best Lawyers - Lawyer of the Year](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Best Lawyers](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Best Lawyers](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Best Lawyers](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![NELA](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![NELA/NJ](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![New Jersey State Bar](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![NJAJ](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![NJAWBO](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![AAS](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![New Jersey Woman Lawyers](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Palcus](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![badge](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Best Law Firms 2023](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Best Lawyers 2023 - Claudia A.](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Best Lawyers 2023 - Christopher P. Lenzo](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Best Lawyers 2023 - Claudia A.](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Best Law Firms - Regional Tier 1 Badge](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

# New Jersey Employment Lawyers

 **Employment Law is all They Do**

Chris Lenzo and Claudia Reis are New Jersey employment attorneys who have
successfully represented thousands of employees throughout New Jersey in
employment disputes. With almost fifty years of New Jersey employment law
experience between them, they handle all types of workplace disputes such as
employment discrimination, harassment, retaliation, wage, leave, whistleblower
retaliation, equal pay, and accommodation claims. Claudia Reis and Chris Lenzo
have recovered millions of dollars for their clients getting them the
compensation they deserve when treated illegally at work.

 **Their Success in New Jersey Employment Law is Well-Known**

Chris' and Claudia's clients know that the secret to their success is not only
in their superior knowledge of the law and facts but also in the credibility
that they have worked so hard to establish with judges, adversaries, and New
Jersey employers. In that way, when an employer or law firm gets a letter or
is served with employment lawsuit with the Lenzo & Reis law firm name on it,
they understand that Chris and Claudia know their stuff and are prepared to
fight for their clients until justice is served.

 **Expertise Matters**

A lot of people think that proving unlawful discrimination, harassment or
retaliation is difficult because, in most cases, you have to prove what is in
the employer's head -- meaning that the employer intended to act unlawfully.
Proving unlawful discrimination, illegal retaliation, unlawful harassment or
even wrongful termination in New Jersey is not difficult for the employment
attorneys at Lenzo & Reis. That is because Chris Lenzo and Claudia Reis don't
just know how to find evidence of illegal workplace conduct, they know how to
piece it together and explain it in a way that is compelling to company
lawyers, insurance adjusters, and, most importantly, judges and juries. That's
the kind of employment attorney you need and deserve.

 **They Understand the Harm Caused by Illegal Workplace Conduct**

Chris Lenzo and Claudia Reis understand that for many employees, work is not
just about a paycheck but that it provides a sense of pride, self-worth, and
accomplishment to many New Jersey employees. That is why being treated
unlawfully at work, whether that means being discriminated against, retaliated
against, harassed, being paid less, and/or being denied leave or
accommodations, is so emotionally draining and hurtful. The employment lawyers
at Lenzo & Reis understand that and take it into consideration in their
representation of clients, how they deal with their client's former employers,
and how they value cases.

 **They Handle all Types of Employment Claims**

As employment lawyers in New Jersey, Chris Lenzo and Claudia Reis are strong
advocates for New Jersey employees facing workplace discrimination, harassment
at work, and/or unlawful employment retaliation. They also regularly handle
cases involving wrongful terminations, unpaid wages, unequal pay, interference
with medical leaves, retaliation for requesting or taking medical leave,
failure to accommodate, failure to pay, unequal pay, and even various contract
claims. The following are some of the types of claims that they regularly
handle in New Jersey.

 **Whistleblower Retaliation**

Retaliation against whistleblowing employees is illegal in New Jersey.
Specifically, the New Jersey Conscientious Employee Protection Act (CEPA),
which is also known as the New Jersey whistleblower law, makes it clear that
it is illegal to retaliate against employees who oppose, disclose and/or
refuse to take a part in actions they believe violate the law.

 **Other Retaliation**

The New Jersey Law Against Discrimination (LAD) and various federal laws make
it clear that it is unlawful to retaliate against employees who take various
actions intended to oppose, thwart, and/or stop workplace discrimination,
harassment, or retaliation on the basis of certain characteristics.

The New Jersey employment attorneys at Lenzo & Reis regularly handle all types
of unlawful retaliation claims.

 **Employment Discrimination and Workplace Harassment**

Unlawful employment discrimination and illegal harassment happens when
employers treat New Jersey employees less favorably because of a particular
characteristic. In New Jersey, those legally protected characteristics are
age, gender or sex, pregnancy, disability, race or color, sexual orientation,
gender identity or expression, national origin or ancestry, domestic
partnership status, civil union status, marital status, certain cellular or
blood traits, genetic information, refusal to undergo or disclose genetic
tests, or service in the armed forces. If an employer treats a New Jersey
employee differently because of any of those characteristics, that employer is
violating the New Jersey Law Against Discrimination, N.J.S.A. 10:5-1 (LAD), as
well as potentially certain federal laws such as the Age Discrimination in
Employment Act (ADEA), Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), Title VII of the
Civil Rights Act of 1964, and/or the Pregnancy Discrimination Act.

 **Sexual Harassment**

The "me too" movement has made clear that employees, at work, do not have to
tolerate sexual advances, requests or demands for sexual favors, promises of
job promotions or advancement in exchange for sexual favors, jokes of a sexual
nature, being ogled at, and/or other conduct of a sexual nature. That conduct,
at work, is not only a bad idea but it is, also, against the law.

 **Hostile Work Environment / Other Harassment **

The Law Against Discrimination (LAD), the Conscientious Employee Protection
Act (CEPA), and various federal laws make it illegal to treat employees poorly
because of a protected characteristic or because they took actions to oppose
either unlawful discrimination or harassment or engaged in protected
whistleblowing. To constitute a hostile work environment, the harassing
conduct must be either sufficiently pervasive or severe to interfere with
someone's work performance and/or create an offensive and/or intimidating
working environment.

 **Wrongful Termination Claims**

While not every firing is unlawful, the Law Against Discrimination (LAD), New
Jersey's whistleblower law (CEPA), and various federal laws prohibit firing
employees because (1) of a protected characteristic, such as those described
above, or (2) the employee blew the whistle on certain workplace misconduct,
or (3) the employee took actions to oppose workplace discrimination or
harassment or supported victims of such unlawful conduct.

In New Jersey, experienced and qualified employment lawyers, such as those at
Lenzo & Reis, provide your best chance at obtaining justice and being properly
compensation for your loss when you are subjected to illegal harassment,
discrimination, sexual harassment, a hostile work environment, retaliation
and/or unlawful termination.

 **Equal Pay Claims**

Paying employees less because of their age, gender or sex, pregnancy,
disability, race, nationality, national origin or ancestry, sexual
orientation, or any other protected characteristic violates the Diane B. Allen
Equal Pay Act and is against the law.

 **Leaves**

New Jersey employees may be entitled to job protected leaves for various
reasons. For example, certain New Jersey employees are entitled to take job-
protected leave to obtain treatment and/or recover for their own medical
condition and/or to care for certain family members with medical conditions
under the federal Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) or the New Jersey Family
Leave Act (FLA). New Jersey workers are, generally, also entitled to take
leave as an accommodation for medical conditions, disabilities, and/or
pregnancies under the Law Against Discrimination (LAD). Also, New Jersey's
Earned Sick Leave Law provides all part-time and full-time New Jersey workers
with a limited amount of accrued paid time off for specific reasons.

 **Accommodations**

State and federal laws, such as the Law Against Discrimination (LAD),
Americans With Disabilities Act (ADA), and Title VII of the Civil Rights Act
of 1964 (Title VII) requires employers to provide reasonable accommodations to
disabled employees and pregnant employees as well as for employees' sincerely
held religious beliefs. Employers must provide reasonable accommodations
unless doing so imposes an undue burden on the employer.

Lawyers who solely practice employment law in New Jersey understand that
employees requesting medical leaves and/or accommodations to be able to
perform the essential functions of their jobs are asking for nothing more than
to which they are legally entitled. The attorneys at Lenzo & Reis also
understand that a failure to accommodate and/or grant medical leave can have
devastating consequences to New Jersey workers. That's why we fight to get you
the leave and accommodations you need or the appropriate compensation when
your employer refuses to do the right thing.

 **Non-Compete and Non-Solicitation Agreements andEmployment Contracts**

The attorneys at Lenzo & Reis regularly review, analyze, explain, and
negotiate non-compete agreements, non-solicitation agreements, arbitration
agreements, and employment contracts. They also regularly litigate claims
involving non-competition agreements, non-solicitation agreements, and breach
of employment contracts.

 **Executive Representation**

The New Jersey employment lawyers at Lenzo & Reis know that executive
representation requires, not only finesse, but a sophisticated understanding
of negotiation techniques, business and industry knowledge, compensation
arrangements, and exit strategies to maximize client outcomes and protect
professional reputations. Lenzo & Reis' workplace attorneys apply that
multifaceted approach in New Jersey to every executive claim they handle.

Not every lawyer in New Jersey can interpret employment law issues in a
contract. Leaving your employment contract, noncompete and/or non-solicitation
agreement to be interpreted by just any attorney can be the costliest mistake
you make. Selecting a qualified employment attorney to handle your contract
questions and negotiations will save you heartache down the road.

 **How Can Lenzo & Reis Help You?**

If you have questions about whether your workplace rights have been violated
or don't know where to turn if they have been violated, you should contact New
Jersey's employment attorneys, Lenzo & Reis, by phone at (973) 845-9922 or by
completing our convenient on-line form by clicking here.

Learn More

**Our Practice Areas**

  * **Discrimination**
  * **Whistleblower Retaliation**
  * **Pay Claims**
  * **Hostile Work Enviroment**
  * **Accommodations**
  * **Medical Leave**

VIEW MORE

**Meet Our Team**

**Christopher P. Lenzo**

Chris Lenzo is a partner in the New Jersey law firm of Lenzo & Reis, LLC. He
represents employees in employment law matters, including negotiation...

View More

 **Claudia A. Reis**

Claudia A. Reis has developed strategic, smart, and successful approaches to
getting the best outcomes possible for her clients by devoting her legal
career...

View More

**Client Reviews**

★★★★★

"Professional and Knowledgeable Attorney. At what was supposed to be the
highest point in my career suddenly became the most harassing and lowest point
of my career and I was passed over for a promotion. Not because the other
person was more qualified than I was, but because I followed the law and did
the right thing and the people I worked for did not like that. After
researching several attorneys, my wife and I found Claudia, and the decision
to retain her was the best decision we ever made. After explaining our case to
Claudia, we found that she was not only extremely professional but a very
caring human being. Throughout the entire process of our case, Claudia was
there with us every step of the way. She explained every single proceeding
that we had to go through and guided us, not only as a professional attorney
in and out of court, but personally as a caring and understanding person.
Because of her extensive working knowledge of employment and labor laws,
Claudia was able to successfully resolve our case. My wife and I will always
be extremely grateful for Claudia's hard work and dedication, and we highly
recommend Claudia Reis to anyone seeking an attorney who practices in
employment and labor laws."  John

★★★★★

"Professionalism, integrity, and determination. Outstanding representation!
Chris Lenzo did an outstanding job in my employment discrimination case. He
responded to my questions in a timely fashion, provided clear communication
through each step of the process, and handled my case in an honest and
straight forward manner. Chris's expertise in employment law along with his
hard work ensured justice would prevail in my case and got me the compensation
I deserved. Likewise, Chris's law firm staff was professional, courteous,
organized, and effective. I highly recommend Chirs Lenzo's firm to anyone with
an employment legal matter in New Jersey or New York."  Sofia

★★★★★

"Remarkable professional. I have worked with Ms. Reis and her firm for the
past three years. During the consultation process, you will immediately
experience her compassion as she offers suggestions and guides you through the
difficult situation you are dealing with. Her attention to detail, timely
follow up and candid manner ensured me that I was well-protected and
represented. Ms. Reis always went above and beyond to protect me legally. She
is a very strong and tough (when necessary) advocate for the individual she
represents. Her support staff is equally diligent. I would recommend her
without reservation."  A.M.

View More

Submit a Law Firm Client Review

![New York Post](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![MSNBC](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![The Star Ledger](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![The New York Times](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![North Jersey](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![nj.com](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![AP](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![The Jersey Journal](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![New Jersey Law Journal](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![POLITICO](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![New Jersey Lawyer - The Magazine](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Daily Record](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![The Record](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![northjersey.com](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![The Trentonian](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![The Press of Atlantic City](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![The Times](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![New Kersey Herald](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Home News Tribune](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Bloomberg BNA](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![CourierPost](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![MorrisontownGreen.com](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![New Jersey Labor and Employment Law](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Law 360](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![VerdictSearch](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

**Contact Us**

  1. ✓ **Your Career. Your Life. Our Fight.**
  2. ✓ **Employment Attorneys With Over 45 Years of Experience!**
  3. ✓ **The Experienced Help You Need and Deserve Is Only a Call Away.**

Fill out the contact form or call us at **(973) 845-9922** to schedule your
free case evaluation.

Name (Required)  Email (Required)  Phone (Required)

Message

CONTACT US NOW

![Facebook Icon](https://lawyers.justia.com/s/facebook-flat-64.png) ![Twitter
Icon](https://lawyers.justia.com/s/twitter-flat-64.png) ![LinkedIn
Icon](https://lawyers.justia.com/s/linkedin-flat-64.png) ![Justia
Icon](https://lawyers.justia.com/s/justia-flat-64.png)

360 Mt Kemble Ave  
#1004

Morristown, NJ 07960

Phone: (973) 845-9922

_* No aspect of this advertisement has been approved by the Supreme Court of
New Jersey. For additional information regarding the methodology, visit the
following sites:Best Lawyers, Super Lawyers, and Martindale-Hubbell._

_

We serve clients throughout New Jersey, including, but not limited to, those
in the following localities: Bergen County including Englewood, Hackensack,
and Mahwah; Essex County including Livingston, Montclair, and West Orange;
Hudson County including Hoboken and Jersey City; Mercer County including
Princeton; Middlesex County including Edison Township and New Brunswick;
Monmouth County including Red Bank; Morris County including Morristown and
Parsippany-Troy Hills Township; Ocean County including Toms River; Passaic
County including Wayne; Somerset County including Bridgewater Township; and
Union County including Elizabeth and Union. View More

  * Home
  * Disclaimer
  * Privacy Policy
  * Site Map
  * Contact Us

New Jersey Employment Lawyer | Morristown Sexual Harassment Attorney | Lenzo &
Reis

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of
Service apply.

Please do not include any confidential or sensitive information in a contact
form, text message, or voicemail. The contact form sends information by non-
encrypted email, which is not secure. Submitting a contact form, sending a
text message, making a phone call, or leaving a voicemail does not create an
attorney-client relationship.

Copyright (C) 2023,  Lenzo & Reis, LLC

Justia Law Firm Website Design



