__

×

## Covid - 19

In response to recent COVID-19 concerns, we are writing to assure our clients
that we are taking recommended precautions.

Close

Would you like to switch to the accessible version of this site?

Go to accessible site Close modal window

Don't need the accessible version of this site?

Hide the accessibility button Close modal window

Accessibility View  Close toolbar

Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display

**P.O. Box 560608, | Miami, Florida 33256**

![Solove Law Firm,
P.A.](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/450x100_80/webmgr/17/d/i/5f90749a8b890_logoV1.png.webp)

#### Contact Your Florida Attorneys Today!

305-224-6617

  * Home 
  * About Us 
    * Robert A. Solove 
    * Tracye K. Solove 
  * Practice Areas 
    * Intellectual Property 
    * Business Litigation 
    * Commercial Real Estate Litigation 
    * Products Liability Defense 
    * Business Law 
      * Business Contract Dispute & Breach 
      * Partnership Disputes 
    * Commercial Collections 
    * Creditor Rights 
    * Commercial Litigation 
    * Commercial Landlord Representation 
    * Miami Real Estate Litigation 
      * Foreclosure Statute of Limitations 
      * Quiet Title Actions 
    * Mediation & Alternative Dispute Resolution 
    * Breach of Contract 
  * Reviews and Ratings 
  * FAQs 
  * Blog 
  * Contact Us 
  * Map & Directions 

__**Search**

Search __

__

  * ### Accomplished. Dedicated. Experienced.

Business Law Attorneys with More Than 75 Years of Combined Experience

![](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/1400x700_80/webmgr/17/d/i/5f9073f7dbe23_Ban3.jpg.webp)

  * ### Accomplished. Dedicated. Experienced.

Business Law Attorneys with More Than 75 Years of Combined Experience

![](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/1400x700_80/webmgr/17/d/i/5f907449cfbd1_Ban1.jpg.webp)

  * ### Accomplished. Dedicated. Experienced.

Business Law Attorneys with More Than 75 Years of Combined Experience

![](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/1400x700_80/webmgr/17/d/i/5f90742396377_Ban2.jpg.webp)

  * ### Accomplished. Dedicated. Experienced.

Business Law Attorneys with More Than 75 Years of Combined Experience

![](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/1400x700_80/webmgr/17/d/i/5f9073f7dbe23_Ban3.jpg.webp)

  * ### Accomplished. Dedicated. Experienced.

Business Law Attorneys with More Than 75 Years of Combined Experience

![](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/1400x700_80/webmgr/17/d/i/5f907449cfbd1_Ban1.jpg.webp)

Previous

  1. 1
  2. 2
  3. 3

Next

Intellectual Property

Learn More

Business Litigation

Learn More

Commercial Real Estate Litigation

Learn More

![Solove Law Firm,
P.A.](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/350x78_80/webmgr/17/d/i/5f9074c93c505_sticky.png.webp)

#### Contact Your Florida Attorneys Today!

305-224-6617

Contact the Firm

# Knowledgeable Florida Attorneys Protect Companies’ Rights

Experienced Miami lawyers handle business law, intellectual property and real
estate matters

Companies with legal issues need solid representation tailored to the size,
industry and goals of their business. Since 1985, Solove Law Firm, P.A. has
assisted Miami companies of all sizes resolve complex business litigation
matters, including commercial real estate conflicts. With a combined 50 years
of experience helping clients in a wide variety of matters, we know how to
skillfully assess your situation and develop an approach to obtain the best
possible outcome. Whether you are involved in a partnership dispute, looking
to enforce a registered trademark, or looking for an attorney to defend you
against a defective product claim, we will work closely with you and use our
extensive knowledge to fully protect your business interests.

## Accomplished law firm offers reliable legal representation

Businesses need attorneys who can quickly identify and respond to issues.
Companies throughout Miami choose us to address their legal concerns because
we are:

  * **Well-respected ****** -- Our attorneys, Robert A. Solove and Tracye K. Solove, have each earned an AV Preeminent® Rating by Martindale Hubbell® for their high ethical standards and professional abilities. 
  * **Aggressive litigators** -- Being on the offensive puts you in control of resolving a dispute, and we strongly pursue all legal options for our clients. 
  * **Hands on with all cases  **-- We stay fully involved in all aspects of each case and work to promptly settle each issue in the best possible way. 

Protecting your business interests is central to your company’s success, and
we will thoroughly present your options so you can make an informed decision.

## Dedicated advocates assist Miami businesses

For companies in Miami, our firm delivers strong legal support in the
following areas:

  * **Business law** -- We will use our skills and experience to effectively manage your business needs, whether they involve contract review and formation guidance or trial support for matters involving alleged breaches of contract, debt complications and partnership disagreements. 
  * **Intellectual property** -- Your company’s trademarks, copyrights and trade secrets are hugely important to its overall success, and we understand how to successfully bring or defend claims of intellectual property infringement or misappropriation. 
  * **Commercial real estate litigation** -- Commercial property disputes tend to be quite complex, and we will use our 50 years of legal knowledge to develop creative solutions to your commercial real estate litigation matters, including foreclosures and contract modifications. We also represent commercial landlords in lease disputes. 
  * **Products liability defense** – As products liability defense lawyers, we aim to be proactive when claims of a defective product are made against manufacturers and distributors in order to minimize the impact they could have on business. 

Having represented enterprises of all sizes, we have a deep understanding of
how to approach business legal matters and will dedicate the time and
attention needed to reach the best possible resolution in your case. If your
matter would be better handled through mediation or another alternative
dispute resolution method, we will not hesitate to choose the option that
gives you the best chance of success.

## Contact respected Miami attorneys to schedule your consultation

At Solove Law Firm, P.A., we represent companies in the Miami area in business
law, intellectual property and commercial real estate matters. Please call
305-224-6617 or contact us online to schedule a consultation at our Miami
office

  * ![Robert A. Solove](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/432x540_80/webmgr/17/d/i/5f8ff82013fbd_RobertA.Solove.jpg.webp)

Robert A. Solove

Founding Partner

###

View Bio

  * ![Tracye K. Solove](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/432x540_80/webmgr/17/d/i/5f8ffa76a9e57_TracyeK.Solove.jpg.webp)

Tracye K. Solove

Partner Since 1986

###

View Bio

![AV](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/200x60_80/webmgr/17/d/i/Tracye_K_Solove_PR_AV_200.png.webp)

![b](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/200x60_80/webmgr/17/d/i/logo2.png.webp)

![c](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/200x60_80/webmgr/17/d/i/logo3.png.webp)

### Quick Contact

#### Please fill out the form below and our attorney will contact you.

Name *

!

Email *

!

Phone *

!

Comments *

!

Thank you. Your submission has been sent.

## Map & Directions

\-- **mi**

### **Miami Office**

**Address**

P.O. Box 560608  
Miami, Florida 33256

Map & Directions

![Solove Law Firm,
P.A.](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/450x100_80/webmgr/17/d/i/5f9074fcb10db_logoV1.png.webp)

  *   *   *   *   * 

#### Contact Your Florida Attorneys Today!

305-224-6617

  * Home 
  * About Us 
  * Practice Areas 
  * Reviews and Ratings 
  * FAQs 
  * Blog 
  * Contact Us 
  * Map & Directions 

Solove Law Firm, P.A. is located in Miami, FL and serves clients in and around
Miami Beach and Miami-Dade County.

Attorney Advertising. This website is designed for general information only.
The information presented at this site should not be construed to be formal
legal advice nor the formation of a lawyer/client relationship. [ Site Map ]

See our profiles at Lawyers.com and Martindale.com

Martindale-Hubbell and martindale.com are registered trademarks; AV, BV, AV
Preeminent and BV Distinguished are registered certification marks;
Lawyers.com and the Martindale-Hubbell Peer Review Rated Icon are service
marks; and Martindale-Hubbell Peer Review Ratings are trademarks of MH Sub I,
LLC, used under license. Other products and services may be trademarks or
registered trademarks of their respective companies. Copyright © 2023 MH Sub
I, LLC. All rights reserved.

![](https://www.martindale-avvo.com/wp-
content/uploads/5bbaf20f8334a_MDHLogoFooterWhite.png)

__

