**Covid-19 update:** We are continuing to serve our clients, and meet new
clients, without interruption. Consistent with best practices, we are working
remotely, and are fully available via phone, zoom and other platforms.

# Ritz Clark & Ben-Asher LLP

## Strategic Employment Lawyers

  * Home
  * The Firm
  * Blog
  * Contact Us
  * Links

(212) 321-7075

(212) 321-7075

  * Home
  * The Firm
  * Blog
  * Contact Us
  * Links

# Home

# Ritz Clark & Ben-Asher LLP

![](https://www.rcbalaw.com//wp-content/uploads/2019/01/5411701.jpg)

Ritz Clark & Ben-Asher LLP is a law firm of highly experienced lawyers
dedicated to representing people experiencing employment-related legal
problems. Each of our lawyers has over twenty-five years of experience
representing clients in employment law matters, and our firm is nationally
known for its work.

We pride ourselves on our client-centered focus. Our first priority is
addressing our clients’ individual goals, needs and career issues, and we
vigorously advocate with these in mind. We are acutely conscious of the
importance of efficient and effective representation. We stay on top of rapid
developments in employment law and how those changes can be used to advance
our clients’ interests.

As attorneys and counselors, we have helped thousands of clients who have lost
their jobs or are: at risk of termination; suffering unlawful discrimination;
experiencing sexual, racial and other forms of unlawful harassment; enduring
retaliation; and standing up as whistleblowers. We are also highly experienced
in representing clients who are going into an employment relationship or
partnership, and working to ensure their interests are protected in their new
position.

Our practice is devoted to assisting employees in every phase of the
employment relationship, seeking just compensation for an employer’s illegal
conduct, and working to create beneficial arrangements for clients beginning
new chapters in their careers.

We also advise and represent some not-for-profits and small employers, act as
neutral investigators of internal complaints, serve as mediators, and offer
employer-sponsored training regarding workplace issues.

We invite you to browse our website to learn more about our firm and how we
can work with you.

  * Our Firm’s Approach
    * How We Can Help
    * Our Clients
    * Our National Reputation
  * Our Employment Law Practice Areas
  * Consulting with Ritz Clark & Ben-Asher LLP
  * Attorneys and Staff
    * Jonathan Ben-Asher
    * Miriam F. Clark
    * Susan Ritz - Senior Counsel
    * Tatiana Criucova
  * Contact Us / Directions
  * Employment Law Links
  * Recent Press Mentions

* **Ritz Clark & Ben-Asher LLP**

One Liberty Plaza  
165 Broadway, 23rd Floor  
New York, NY 10006-1404

Telephone: (212) 321-7075

Facsimile: (212) 321-7078

* ![](https://www.bestlawyers.com/Logos/ListedFirm/35511/US/S/Basic.png)

* ![Best Law Firms - National Tier 1 Badge](https://www.rcbalaw.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/National-35511-spec17487-ed14-Detail-Original-257x300.png)
* ![](https://www.rcbalaw.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/09/RCBA_Martindale_Badge.png)
  

Disclaimer

Attorney Advertising

(C) 2024 Ritz Clark & Ben-Asher LLP

