  * Home
  * Our Firm
    * About Our Firm
    * Video Library
  * Practice Areas
    * Workers’ Compensation
    * Burn Injury
    * Car Accident
    * Construction Injury
    * Personal Injury
    * Wrongful Death
    * View All+
  * Attorneys
    * Jess J. Araujo
    * John A. Montevideo
    * Anthony Modarelli
    * Lupe Morales
    * Erin Boeck
    * Rudy Pacheco
    * Jacob Larsen
    * View All+
  * Testimonials
  * Blog
  * Contact
  * Español

(951) 977-7787  Call for a free consultation  free consultation

menu

Trial Lawyers for  
Injured Workers

**Our attorneys have been assisting the community for over 40 years.**

Request free consultation

A reputation for successful injury litigation since 1979.

We have earned the respect of the legal community and court system.

No up-front costs. You don’t pay unless we win. This gives us every incentive
to maximize recovery for you.

Our peers have recognized our firm for having some of the highest levels of
professional excellence and legal ability.

If you call our office, you will get an answer back that same day. We want to
help you as a client, but also treat you like family.

Over 17,000 trusted clients. Those who have been injured deserve the full
legislative protection provided by the law.

__

__

# Riverside Work Injury  
Attorneys

We guide you through this often complex and confusing legal process, allowing
you time to heal and recuperate.

## Our Reputation for Success

Having been in business since 1979, we’ve gained respect from both the legal
and insurance communities. Our 40+ years of legal experience, community
development, and firm name recognition are a few of the unique advantages you
receive as one of our clients. We understand, when you’re looking for a work
injury lawyer, you are in need of an experienced lawyer that can handle
anything and has seen it all.

You want a Riverside work injury attorney who will take the time to speak with
you, handle your case as quickly as possible, and get the maximum settlement
or verdict recovery for your case. We know you want the best and our
reputation in Southern California speaks for itself. We are among the best
workers’ compensation and work injury trial attorneys you can find.

## Why You Should Choose DiMarco | Araujo | Montevideo for Your Workers'
Compensation Case

  * **We have a reputation for success.** With more than 40 years of legal experience, our firm is known for its hard work, commitment to the cause, and exceptional case results.
  * **We are a full-service law firm.** Our Riverside workers’ compensation attorneys can handle every aspect of your case while you focus on healing. We can identify the defendant, counsel you on your legal options, and demand fair compensation on your behalf.
  * **Our work injury lawyers in Riverside have the resources to fight for maximum compensation.** We provide not only a group of experienced work injury lawyers but also access to accident reconstructionists, economists, doctors, vocational experts, and others.
  * **We accept work injury clients in Riverside on a contingency fee basis.** You will not have to pay us up front to retain our services. You will only pay legal fees if, and when, we secure a compensatory award for you.

## How We Handle Riverside Work Injury Cases

Most injured workers in Riverside are only aware of one process for obtaining
financial relief: a workers’ compensation claim. At DiMarco | Araujo |
Montevideo, however, we recognize two types of claims that can benefit injured
employees: workers’ compensation and a third-party civil action. Our law firm
accepts both types of cases to streamline your compensation claim. Rather than
having to work with multiple attorneys or law firms, our Riverside work injury
lawyers can strategically handle both claims for you in-house.

When you retain our firm, you benefit from our extensive knowledge of both
types of compensation claims. We can review your individual case and let you
know which route we believe is best for you. Then, our staff members can come
together to build as strong a case as possible on your behalf. We understand
you may not know much about workplace injuries or injured workers’ rights,
which is why we offer free consultations so you can ask questions and get
trustworthy answers.

After your initial consultation, our Riverside County work injury lawyers will
work together to develop a strategy for claims negotiation and/or litigation.
We can contact medical experts to serve as witnesses in your case, gather key
evidence, get copies of important documents and take other steps to build your
case.

Then, we can go up against an insurance company or another defendant on your
behalf, demanding fair and full financial recovery. Our law firm will be there
for you every step of the way.

## California Workers' Compensation Claim Process

The workers’ compensation system should be simple. It should be easy to file
your claim and obtain fair compensation for your losses. Sadly, this is not
always true in California. An employer or insurance company could dispute
liability to try to avoid paying you. They could also question your claim due
to an increase in workers’ compensation fraud. Insurance companies in
California deny valid workers’ compensation claims each year. A Riverside
workers’ compensation attorney from DiMarco | Araujo | Montevideo could help
you through the claims process.

  1. **Notify your employer**. You have a strict 30-day limit on notifying your employer of the accident and injury. Missing this deadline could compromise your ability to receive workers’ compensation benefits.
  2. **Request a copy of your completed DWC1 form**. Your employer should fill out the Initial Report of Injury form and submit it to the insurance company on your behalf. Request a copy of the completed form for your records.
  3. **Wait for a response**. The workers’ compensation insurance provider must notify you in writing of its decision to approve or deny your claim within 14 of receiving the form. If it needs more time to investigate, it must give a valid reason.
  4. **Appeal a denial**. If the insurer denies your workers’ compensation claim, one of our lawyers can help you file an appeal. An appeal asks the insurance company to reconsider its decision.
  5. **Negotiate your claim**. In some cases, the insurer accepts the claim but does not offer a fair or reasonable amount. You may need a lawyer to help negotiate a better settlement.

Filing a workers’ compensation claim may not require you to prove someone’s
fault or employer negligence for your injuries, but it does come with
complicated legal processes. Hiring a work injury lawyer to help you with the
claims process from the beginning can protect your rights and ensure you
submit the paperwork correctly the first time. A Riverside work injury lawyer
from DiMarco | Araujo | Montevideo may be able to speed up your claim and
improve the odds of receiving a fair settlement offer.

WHAT OUR CLIENTS ARE SAYING

"Everyone I spoke to was professional and friendly from day one. My questions
were answered fairly quickly. My attorney, Frank, explained each step of the
process as my case proceeded. I was happy with my settlement and happy to have
the support I received during a difficult time."

Jody A.

"They were very polite and very respectful and very professional. If I called
and they weren't in, they always got back to me right away. Always answered my
questions and I felt so much more comfortable with them than any attorney I've
ever had…"

Ray Q.

"Anthony Modarelli is an outstanding attorney. He always returned our calls in
a timely manner. He always made sure we understood the process of our claim.
He always made time during our appointments and [we] never felt rushed."

Mario R.

"Best firm I've ever used. Amalio is an awesome help, as well as Mr.
Montevideo. They helped me through my case and I was completely satisfied."

Tommy A.

"Amazing from start to finish. Always in contact with us, checking in with us,
and making sure things were on track. Very straightforward with how things
worked, no hidden surprises. Really glad we found them - now we can close that
stressful chapter of our lives!"

Leslie P.

## How Our Experience Can Help

Dealing with a workers’ compensation insurance company may not be easy alone.
An insurance claims adjuster may believe he or she can take advantage of your
inexperience to offer a low settlement amount or unfairly deny your claim. If
you do not fully understand your rights in California, these tactics might
work to rob you of a fair case outcome. If you hire an attorney from DiMarco |
Araujo | Montevideo, on the other hand, we can force an insurer to treat your
claim fairly.

Most insurance companies will immediately change the way it treats claims upon
discovering the client has hired a workers’ compensation lawyer. Insurance
companies know lawyers could take them to court – an expensive process most
insurers wish to avoid. Rather than taking the case to trial, the insurance
company may increase its original settlement offer to better suit your needs.
If not, one of our trial attorneys can take the insurer and/or other
defendants to court in pursuit of fair financial recovery.

Our experience in the work injury practice area could help you file an initial
workers’ compensation claim, litigate an appeal, contest a denied application,
negotiate a fair settlement offer and potentially file a personal injury
claim. We have reliable work injury attorneys in Riverside and connections in
this practice area to help in any way we can.

## Are Employers Allowed to Retaliate Against Me if I File a Riverside
Workers' Compensation Claim?

Never let the fear of employer retaliation prevent you from exercising your
rights as an injured worker. The California workers’ compensation system is in
place to benefit you. You have every right to file an injury claim without
fear of retaliation from your boss in the form of job termination, demotion,
change of schedule, pay cut, or another adverse action. Sadly, some employers
take their frustrations out on injured workers by handling their claims in bad
faith. This could lead to unfairly delayed or denied workers’ compensation
suits.

If you experienced any type of punishment from your employer for filing a
workers’ compensation claim, you may have the right to bring a civil lawsuit
against your employer. A retaliation claim could force your employer to
reinstate your job, revise the way it treated your workers’ compensation
request and take other steps to right the wrongs against you. The Riverside
work injury attorneys at DiMarco | Araujo | Montevideo can help you with a
retaliation lawsuit as well as your original workers’ compensation case in
California.

If you sustained a serious injury at work and are looking to file a claim,
speak to one of our Orange County workers’ compensation lawyers today.
Insurance companies are known to contact victims first and offer them an
unsubstantial settlement for their injuries. We will not let an insurance
company lowball you on a settlement offer.

## What Additional Claims Can I File After Sustaining a Riverside Work Injury?

Workers’ compensation may not be your only outlet for financial recovery after
sustaining a work injury in Southern California. Workers’ compensation offers
no-fault benefits at a price – there are limits to how much the system will
give you for your losses. Workers’ compensation will only reimburse you for
two-thirds of your average weekly lost wages, for example. For this reason, it
could be in your best interest to file a civil third-party lawsuit instead of
or in addition to a workers’ compensation claim.

A third-party lawsuit claims someone else negligently, recklessly, or
maliciously caused your accident. If you accept workers’ compensation
benefits, you automatically forfeit your right to bring a personal injury
claim against your employer. You may still, however, bring a lawsuit against a
third party, such as a product manufacturer, contractor, property owner, or
the City of Riverside. If a third party caused your injuries, you may qualify
for financial relief from both the workers’ compensation system and an injury
lawsuit.

If you believe your employer caused your recent injuries, do not accept a
workers’ compensation settlement until you have spoken to an attorney at
DiMarco | Araujo | Montevideo. You cannot file a negligence claim against your
employer after you accept a workers’ compensation settlement. Our law office
can review your case and help you pursue the best type of legal action for
your specific situation. You may be eligible for compensation from one or both
types of claims for your Riverside work injury. Get the legal representation
you deserve today.

## Our Work Accident Lawyers Are Well Known Throughout Southern California

A work injury raises many questions for injured employees. After a serious
incident, you may wonder how long you will need to stay out of work and what
type of benefits you are eligible to receive. At DiMarco | Araujo |
Montevideo, we do more than fight court battles. We help our clients access
the support they need to heal and move forward in life after serious work
injuries. Work injuries are divided into two primary categories: specific and
cumulative. Specific injuries occur as a result of one accident or incident,
such as a worker suffering a broken bone from falling off of a ladder.
Cumulative injuries often include repetitive injuries that build up over time
such as carpal tunnel. Cumulative injuries may also include psychological
trauma or workplace illnesses. While certain industries face a higher risk for
injury, the workers' compensation attorneys at DiMarco | Araujo | Montevideo
in Riverside help clients across many industries. Almost all work-related
injuries are eligible for workers’ compensation benefits or a work injury-
related claim. After a work injury, you need a strong, supportive attorney on
your side. The team at DiMarco | Araujo | Montevideo has 30+ years of
experience, the skillsets, and the aggressive approach needed to resolve any
California work injury case. Our attorneys act as more than legal counselors.
We also help our clients find qualified medical treatment, negotiate with
insurers and bill collectors, and provide emotional support during this
difficult time in their lives.

Our Practice Areas

Practice Areas

View All Practice Areas

  * Workers' Compensation Overview
  * Brain Injury
  * Burn Injury
  * Car Accident
  * Construction Injury
  * Eye Injury
  * Personal Injury
  * Spinal Cord Injury
  * Wrongful Death

Our accolades

Request Free Consultation

FILL OUT THE FORM BELOW TO SCHEDULE A FREE CASE EVALUATION

  * First Name*

  * Last Name*

  * Phone*

  * Email*

  * Describe your case*

  * *required fields
  *   * Phone

This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

  *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   * Phone

This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

Submit

Δ

ORANGE COUNTY OFFICE

1324 N. Broadway  
Santa Ana, CA 92706

P. (951) 977-7787

GET DIRECTIONS

LAS VEGAS OFFICE

415 S 6th St, #300  
Las Vegas, NV 89101  

P. (702) 466-1492

GET DIRECTIONS

ASK US ABOUT  
YOUR CASE

We are available 24 hours a day. All initial case evaluations and
consultations are free.

Connect

© 2022 DAM FIRM **|** ALL RIGHTS RESERVED **|** disclaimer

