  * Home  * ServicesOpen menu    * Workers Compensation    * Employment Lawyer    * Personal Injury Lawyer    * Business Law Matters  * Meet The Team  * Blog  * Contact  * Do I Have a Case?  * EnglishOpen menu    * Spanish____  * Home  * ServicesOpen menu    * Workers Compensation    * Employment Lawyer    * Personal Injury Lawyer    * Business Law Matters  * Meet The Team  * Blog  * Contact  * Do I Have a Case?  * EnglishOpen menu    * Spanish# Know the legal team!## Meet the Team### SEYDI A. MORALES, ESQ.AttorneySeydi A Morales grew up in the San Fernando Valley. Ms. Morales earned her J.D. from Glendale University College of Law (GUCL) in 2018 and became licensed with the Californian State Bar in early 2019. Through her work in the legal field, shes proud to serve communities in the San Fernando Valley and greater Los Angeles area. Prior to becoming an attorney, Ms. Morales earned her Masters degree in Clinical Psychology from Antioch University and her B.S. in Social Work from Fresno Pacific University. Ms. Morales is a lifelong advocate, as an attorney, shes passionate about fighting for her clients and what they deserve under the law. She is zealous about getting results. Ms. Morales has both transactional and trial experience in both Workers Compensation, Employment Law and Personal Injury.### SEYDI E. TOLEDOHearing RepresentativeMs. Toledo has worked in Workers Compensation Law since 1993, when she started as an office clerk at a firm in Reseda, California. The attorney she worked under saw potential in Ms. Toledo, so she soon made the switch to legal assistant. After years of experience, Seydi became a hearing representative and has worked as a hearing rep for the last 15 years. Ms. Toledo has been working with Attorney Morales since 2011 and has been involved with the firm since its inception in 2019.### HERBERT ARRIOLALegal AssistantMr. Arriola began as a legal assistant in 1993 at a civil practice in Beverly Hills, California. Since his start, hes had the pleasure of working with several different attorneys throughout the greater Los Angeles area in the fields of Personal Injury and Family Law. Herbert has collaborated with Ms. Morales since 2012 and joined our firm in 2019. ### You May Be Entitled to CompensationI will evaluate your case and tell you whether you have a case (FREE Evaluation)Name*Phone Number*Email*Brief Description of What Happened*Personal Injury  * Personal Injury Lawyer Pasadena  * Personal Injury Attorney Oxnard  * Personal Injury Attorney Woodland Hills  * Personal Injury Lawyer Burbank  * Personal Injury Lawyers Ventura  * Personal Injury Attorney San Gabriel ValleyWorkers Compensation  * Workers Compensation Lawyers Pasadena  * Workers Compensation Lawyer Los Angeles  * Workers Compensation Attorney Oxnard  * Workers Comp Attorney Woodland Hills  * Workers Compensation Attorney VenturaEmployment Lawyer  * Employment Lawyer Los Angeles  * Employment Lawyer Burbank  * Employment Lawyer OxnardFree ConsultationPhone: (818)293-1970Email: info@seydimoraleslaw.com______  * English  * Espaol (Spanish)Automated page speed optimizations for fast site performance