Skip to content

![TADLER
LAW](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20500%20133'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![TADLER
LAW](https://www.tadlerlaw.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/tadler-law-
logo-2x.png)

__

  * Home
  * Us
  * You
  * Practice Areas
    * Litigation
    * Business Disputes
    * Class Actions
    * Employment Matters
    * eDiscovery
  * Team
    * Ariana J. Tadler
    * A.J. De Bartolomeo
    * Lisa A. Frey
    * Tony Kim
    * Alison Friedman
  * Learn
  * News
  * Keynotes
  * Engage

  * Home
  * Us
  * You
  * Practice Areas
    * Litigation
    * Business Disputes
    * Class Actions
    * Employment Matters
    * eDiscovery
  * Team
    * Ariana J. Tadler
    * A.J. De Bartolomeo
    * Lisa A. Frey
    * Tony Kim
    * Alison Friedman
  * Learn
  * News
  * Keynotes
  * Engage

CONFIDENCE³

Tadler Law attorneys exude unparalleled acumen and power in the conference
room¹, boardroom² and courtroom³, instilling clients with calm confidence
throughout the entire legal process.

Build »

LITIGATION ACUMEN

Tadler Law attorneys are savvy litigators that listen, learn and leverage
their legal and business acumen as cases evolve to maximize results.

PERSUADE »

Savvy Negotiators

Blending legal, business and common sense knowledge, Tadler Law attorneys are
savvy negotiators that maximize optimal outcomes.

LEVERAGE »

Thought Leaders

Tadler Law attorneys are engaging thought leaders that produce and present
powerful educational content in multiple formats to mentor and inspire
clients, colleagues and peers.

Learn »

WOMEN EMPOWERED

Built and inspired by strong, intelligent women, Tadler Law empowers women to
challenge themselves and break through barriers.

Inspire »

Tadler Law

Own the Room

Persuade »

__ Previous slide

__ Next slide

## **TADLER LAW - OWN THE ROOM**

Tadler Law is an agile, women-owned and managed law firm with a national
practice specializing in class action, complex litigation, risk management,
antitrust, and strategic legal business consulting services. Fueled via a
potent blend of litigation acumen, relentless grit, and genuine empathy,
Tadler Law attorneys exude unparalleled insight and presence in the conference
room, boardroom and courtroom, instilling clients with the confidence and calm
they need from initial discovery to final resolution.

Recognized and lauded by peers, clients and competitors as one of the top
female-owned law firms in the United States, Tadler Law continues to practice
and perfect its confidence-building, case-winning litigation services
nationwide from its headquarters in New York.

##### CONFIDENCE³

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20749%20492'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://www.tadlerlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/08/home.confidence-1024x672.jpg)

Tadler Law attorneys exude unparalleled acumen and power in the conference
room¹, boardroom², and courtroom³, instilling clients with calm confidence
throughout the entire legal process.

Learn More »

##### LITIGATION ACUMEN

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20749%20500'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://www.tadlerlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/08/home.litigation.acumen-1024x683.jpg)

Skilled in class actions, business, and commercial litigation and business and
employment disputes, Tadler Law attorneys are savvy, bold litigators who
command attention, garner respect, and generate positive outcomes.

Learn More »

##### SAVVY NEGOTIATORS

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20749%20500'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://www.tadlerlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/08/home.savvy_.negotiators.2-1024x683.jpg)

Armed with a potent blend of legal and business experience, coupled with
common sense, Tadler Law attorneys are savvy negotiators who quickly adapt as
matters evolve to maximize optimal outcomes.

Learn More »

## ACCOLADES

_“Taking the lead in our case, Tadler Law certainly made it clear they were
advocating for us and our case. Tadler Law took the time to understand our
issues and were able to navigate complex issues with intelligence and
aplomb.”_

 **Jo Sherman** , CEO & Founder of EDT and **Dr. Allison Stanfield** , Chief
Legal and Operations Office of EDT

_“From the start of the eDiscovery revolution, Ariana J. Tadler has been
recognized as one of the leading plaintiff attorneys in the United States. She
is respected by lawyers across the United States and Canada for her intellect,
her work ethic, and her creativity.”_

 **Larry Center** , former Georgetown University Assistant Dean of Continuing
Legal Education

_“As a longtime board member, former board chair and event committee co-chair,
Ariana has provided Mobilization for Justice with invaluable advice and
counsel in development, communications, community-building, and project
execution. Ariana’s attention to detail, clarity and no-nonsense business
acumen has helped us build strategic partnerships, fundraise, and work through
challenges. With Ariana as co-chair of our 60th Anniversary gala, we raised
over $1 million – a new milestone for us – and secured several new sponsors.”_

 **Tiffany Liston** , Executive Director Mobilization for Justice, Inc.

_I just felt protected, but it made me feel like no one could mess with me
with Ariana on my side. I feel very.”_

 **Scott Graves**

## PRACTICE AREAS

##### LITIGATION

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20749%20500'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://www.tadlerlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/08/us.litigation-1024x683.jpg)

Blending legal prowess and confidence in the courtroom, Tadler Law attorneys
are master litigators that research, orchestrate and present potent arguments
to optimize case outcomes.

Engage »

##### BUSINESS DISPUTES

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20749%20500'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://www.tadlerlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/08/acumen.business.law_-1024x683.jpg)

From breach of contract to business torts, corporate fraud and beyond, Tadler
Law attorneys provide advanced business litigation experience to all phases of
disputes to resolve cases expeditiously.

Engage »

##### CLASS ACTIONS

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20749%20500'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://www.tadlerlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/08/acumen.class.action-1024x683.jpg)

Having lead multiple state and federal class action lawsuits involving
securities fraud, data breaches, consumer fraud and antitrust violations,
Tadler Law attorneys blend class with class action to optimize case results.

Engage »

##### EMPLOYMENT MATTERS

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20749%20500'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://www.tadlerlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/08/acumen.employment.law_-1024x683.jpg)

Committed to protecting the rights of employees, Tadler Law attorneys have
successfully settled multiple discrimination, harassment, wrongful
termination, equal pay and other workplace matters for clients.

Engage »

##### eDISCOVERY

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20749%20500'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://www.tadlerlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/08/us.discovery-1024x683.jpg)

As recognized pioneers in eDiscovery, Tadler Law attorneys are adept
eDiscovery authorities, practitioners and mentors that leverage advanced
technologies to streamline cases.

Engage »

##### WHY TADLER LAW?

Tadler Law attorneys exude unparalleled acumen and power in the conference
room¹, boardroom² and courtroom³, instilling clients with calm confidence
throughout the entire legal process.

Learn More >

  * Litigation Acumen
  * Savvy Negotiators
  * Thought Leadership
  * Women Empowered
  * Nationally Recognized
  * Tangible Results 
  * Acute Listening
  * eDiscovery Pioneers
  * Collaborative Communication
  * Precision Alignment
  * Attentive Agility
  * Relentless Grit
  * Business Focused
  * Complex Case Experience
  * Genuine Empathy

Privacy Policy | Legal Notice | Attorney Advertising | 22 Bayview Ave, Suite
200, Manhasset, NY 11030 | Email | 212.946.9300 | Linkedln

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20128%2050'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://www.tadlerlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/08/Chambers.png)![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20162%2050'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://www.tadlerlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/08/Best.Lawyers.png)![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%2088%2050'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://www.tadlerlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/09/WBENC_Logo1-300x170.png)![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%2062%2050'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://www.tadlerlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/09/WOL_LOGO-300x241.png)

  * Home
  * Us
  * You
  * Practice Areas
    * Litigation
    * Business Disputes
    * Class Actions
    * Employment Matters
    * eDiscovery
  * Team
    * Ariana Tadler
    * A.J. De Bartolomeo
    * Tony Kim
    * Lisa A. Frey
    * Melonie Penrhyn
    * Alison Friedman
    * Katherine Ingersoll
  * Learn
  * News
  * Keynotes
  * Engage

