(630) 573-8585

  * Home
  * Attorney Profiles
    * Aldo E. Botti
    * Jean M. Lasics-Wessels
    * John E. Botti
    * Michael R. Botti
  * Practice Areas
    * Personal Injury
      * Aviation Accidents
      * Catastrophic Injuries
      * Construction Site Accidents
      * Dangerous Products
      * Medical Malpractice
      * Motor Vehicle Accidents
      * Nursing Home Abuse
      * Pedestrian Accidents
      * Premises Liability
      * Slip and Fall Accidents
      * Wrongful Death
    * Family Law
      * Divorce
      * Allocation of Parental Responsibilities
      * Child Support
      * Contempt Actions
      * Decision Making Responsibilities
      * Division of Property
      * Grandparent Rights
      * Modifications of Prior Court Order
      * Orders of Protection
      * Parentage
      * Parenting Time (Visitation)
      * Spousal Maintenance
    * Criminal Defense
      * Cyber Crimes
      * Drug Offenses
      * Driving under the Influence
      * Felonies
      * Theft
      * Violent Crimes
      * White-Collar Crimes
    * Business Litigation
  * Contact

(630) 573-8585

# BOTTI LAW FIRM

Dedicated and Compassionate Attorneys

# Practice Areas

Illinois Family Law, Personal Injury, Criminal Defense, Business and
Commercial Litigation Attorneys Serving Clients Nationwide

At the Botti Law Firm, P.C., located in Oak Brook and in Wheaton, we offer a
wide range of legal services in a variety of practice areas to serve clients
throughout the Chicagoland area, including DuPage, Cook, Kane, Will and
Kendall counties. Our experienced litigation attorneys regularly handle
complex cases in state and federal courts for local, regional and national
clients.

From our convenient office locations in Oak Brook and in Wheaton, our law firm
represents individuals, businesses, families and professionals for family law,
Criminal Defense, personal injury and commercial litigation. Whether your case
requires smart and strategic negotiations or strong and aggressive court
litigation, our attorneys can help you achieve the results you need.

# Family Law and Divorce Lawyers

### The family law and divorce attorneys at the Botti Law Firm, P.C., provide
effective legal counsel to individuals and families struggling with divorce
and subsequent family law issues, including:

  * Child Custody
  * Child Support
  * Division of Property
  * Orders of Protection/Domestic Violence
  * Paternity

# Criminal Defense Representation

### At the Botti Law Firm, P.C., our trial attorneys offer aggressive criminal
defense representation in state and federal courts. We have successfully
handled state and federal cases involving:

  *  **DUI** -

driving under the influence of alcohol and driving while intoxicated (DWI)

  *  **Federal Crimes** -

federal drug offenses involving narcotics, trafficking, distributing and
manufacturing

  *  **State Crimes** -

state felonies involving drug possession, firearms and misdemeanors

  *  **Theft** -

burglary, robbery, home invasion and shoplifting

  *  **Violent Crimes** -

arson, murder, manslaughter and homicide

  *  **White Collar Crimes** -

fraud, embezzlement, money laundering and forgery

# Personal Injury Attorneys

### The Botti Law Firm, P.C. seeks to obtain fair compensation for clients,
who have fallen victim to personal injury accidents, involving:

  * Aviation Accidents
  * Catastrophic Injuries
  * Construction Accidents
  * Medical Malpractice
  * Motor Vehicle Accidents
  * Motorcycle Accidents
  * Nursing Home Abuse
  * Pedestrian Accidents
  * Premises Liability
  * Slip and Fall Accidents
  * Truck Accidents
  * Wrongful Death

# Commercial Litigation Attorneys

### Our commercial litigation attorneys serve a wide range of local, regional
and national businesses and corporations nationwide. We help resolve cases
involving:

  * Breach of Contract
  * Construction Disputes
  * Disputes with Leading Institutions (Banks)
  * Employment Law Litigation and OSHA
  * Failed Joint Venture Disputes
  * Failure to Deliver Goods
  * Partnership Dissolutions
  * Pre-Litigation Injunctions
  * Real Estate Litigation
  * Uniform Commercial Code (UCC) Violations
  * White Collar Criminal Defense

### Additionally, our attorneys are available to handle matters involving:

  * Will Contests
  * Trusts
  * Guardianships

# Family Law and Divorce Lawyers

### The family law and divorce attorneys at the Botti Law Firm, P.C., provide
effective legal counsel to individuals and families struggling with divorce
and subsequent family law issues, including:

  * Child Custody
  * Child Support
  * Division of Property
  * Orders of Protection/Domestic Violence
  * Paternity

# Criminal Defense Representation

### At the Botti Law Firm, P.C., our trial attorneys offer aggressive criminal
defense representation in state and federal courts. We have successfully
handled state and federal cases involving:

  * DUI\- driving under the influence of alcohol and driving while intoxicated (DWI)
  * Federal Crimes-federal drug offenses involving narcotics, trafficking, distributing and manufacturing
  * State Crimes-state felonies involving drug possession, firearms and misdemeanors
  * Theft\- burglary, robbery, home invasion and shoplifting
  * Violent Crimes-arson, murder, manslaughter and homicide
  * White Collar Crimes-fraud, embezzlement, money laundering and forgery

# Personal Injury Attorneys

### The Botti Law Firm, P.C. seeks to obtain fair compensation for clients,
who have fallen victim to personal injury accidents, involving:

  * Aviation Accidents
  * Catastrophic Injuries
  * Construction Site Accidents
  * Medical Malpractice
  * Motor Vehicle and Car Accidents
  * Motorcycle Accidents
  * Nursing Home Abuse
  * Pedestrian Accidents
  * Premises Liability
  * Slip and Fall Accidents
  * Truck Accidents
  * Wrongful Death

# Commercial Litigation Attorneys

### Our commercial litigation attorneys serve a wide range of local, regional
and national businesses and corporations nationwide. We help resolve cases
involving:

  * Breach of Contract
  * Construction Disputes
  * Disputes with Leading Institutions (Banks)
  * Employment Law Litigation and OSHA
  * Failed Joint Venture Disputes
  * Failure to Deliver Goods
  * Partnership Dissolutions
  * Pre-Litigation Injunctions
  * Real Estate Litigation
  * Uniform Commercial Code (UCC) Violations
  * White Collar Criminal Defense

### Additionally, our attorneys are available to handle probate and estate
litigation matters involving:

  * Will Contests
  * Trusts
  * Guardianships

# Contact Our Full Service Law Firm in Oak Brook and Wheaton

Contact the Botti Law Firm, P.C. if you have questions regarding any legal
concerns affecting your personal or professional life. We are available to
assist clients 24 hours a day. Call us at (630) 573-8585, to schedule a
private consultation with one of our attorneys today.

### Oak Brook, Illinois

2215 York Road, Suite 304  
Oak Brook, IL  
60523

Call Us Today

(630) 573-8585

Quick Links

  * Home
  * Contact Us
  * Privacy Policy
  * Site Map

This web site is designed for general information only. The information
presented at this site should not be construed to be formal legal advice nor
the formation of a lawyer/client relationship.

(C) 2024 All Rights Reserved. Law Firm Website Design by:

