![The Price Law Firm NYC](//images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/5d9c91dfab32172fb97e77ee/1570543629043-AUCOKORDX09QA3EV0O88/logo-
HD-Transparent.png?format=1500w)

Home

About

Residential

Landlord-Tenant Law

Rent Stabilization & Rent Control

Rent Control/Stabilization Succession

Apartment Deregulation & Substantial Rehabilitation

Co-Op & Condo Disputes

Rent Overcharge, J51 Cases & TPU Audits

Security Deposits

Real Estate Closings

Real Estate Administrative Hearings

Holdover Proceedings/Eviction

Commercial

Commercial Leasing

Commercial Real Estate Litigation

Commercial Landlord/Tenant Disputes

Lease Audit Litigation

Yellowstone Injunction

Adverse Possession

Contact

Pay Invoice

News

☎ Free Consultation (212) 675-1125

![The Price Law Firm NYC](//images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/5d9c91dfab32172fb97e77ee/1570543629043-AUCOKORDX09QA3EV0O88/logo-
HD-Transparent.png?format=1500w)

Home

About

Residential

Landlord-Tenant Law

Rent Stabilization & Rent Control

Rent Control/Stabilization Succession

Apartment Deregulation & Substantial Rehabilitation

Co-Op & Condo Disputes

Rent Overcharge, J51 Cases & TPU Audits

Security Deposits

Real Estate Closings

Real Estate Administrative Hearings

Holdover Proceedings/Eviction

Commercial

Commercial Leasing

Commercial Real Estate Litigation

Commercial Landlord/Tenant Disputes

Lease Audit Litigation

Yellowstone Injunction

Adverse Possession

Contact

Pay Invoice

News

☎ Free Consultation (212) 675-1125

# The price law firm

Quality Representation in NYC Real Estate Transactions + Litigation

  



### New York City Landlord/Tenant Representation  
Call Us Now for a Free Consultation: (212) 675-1125

![](https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/5d9c91dfab32172fb97e77ee/1571919769709-W8MQP82UIBJVWZYHX0EA/landlordtenantlaw.jpg)

## Security Deposit Disputes

The rights and responsibilities that go along with security deposits are
frequently misunderstood by landlords and tenants alike. Having represented
clients on both sides of the landlord-tenant divide on matters related to
security deposits, we know about the mistakes that either party can make in
both residential and commercial rental situations. Sometimes these cases are
fairly simple, while others arise as counterclaims or secondary claims in
larger disputes between landlords and tenants.

![](https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/5d9c91dfab32172fb97e77ee/3a796de3-77b8-430d-aa59-5d964757ff29/unsplash-
image-doplSDELX7E.jpg)

## Real Estate Closings

At The Price Law Firm, we represent buyers and sellers in the closing of
residential and commercial real estate sales transactions involving houses,
condominiums and co-ops, multi-family properties, office buildings, and retail
spaces. Investing in sound advice at the front end of a transaction involving
hundreds of thousands or even millions of dollars can save you the anxiety
that buyers and sellers can experience as the closing date on a real estate
transaction approaches.

![](https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/5d9c91dfab32172fb97e77ee/1570546516622-4MTGYFC3UIESQVXWB3UV/IMG_5742.jpg)

## Meet Joshua Price

New York real estate lawyer Joshua C. Price has taken rent regulation cases to
trial on behalf of both landlords and tenants on every issue imaginable,
including J-51 rent overcharges, tenant succession, sublets, alterations,
deregulation, conversion, and hearings before the Division of Housing and
Community Renewal (DHCR). Our attorneys are aggressive and always looking out
for the clients best interests in your real estate lawsuit. Contact us today
for quality representation.

* * *

## Quality Representation in New York Real Estate Transactions and Litigation

### Tell Us About Your Case

The Price Law Firm offers comprehensive services to give clients first-class
representation in practice areas spanning all aspects of New York residential
and commercial real estate law and litigation. Our experienced residential and
commercial real estate lawyers can help. Contact us and let us know what real
estate situation you’re experiencing and we’ll determine how we can help.

At the Price Law Firm, we know real estate and business relationships are
prone to complications and often require experienced and aggressive counsel.
Real estate owners, businesses, partners, shareholders, neighbors, tenants and
family members sometimes find themselves at odds. Seemingly minor disputes can
escalate into expensive, distracting and destructive legal conflicts.

Within the scope of our practice, we offer clients a remarkably broad range of
services in situations ranging from rent control and security deposit disputes
to complex commercial lease litigation. The legal team at **The Price Law
Firm** meets your real estate disputes and other legal problems directly head-
on. We give our clients immediate relief and protection in any real estate
suit they’re pursuing. Our experienced litigation firm is known across New
York City for practical solutions to complex disputes and for providing
powerful advocacy in the courtroom.

Learn More

* * *

# Price Law Firm News

![Josh Price Schevill Quote.jpg](https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/5d9c91dfab32172fb97e77ee/1589650780045-YNWKQH2X4YK8JJTX550D/Josh+Price+Schevill+Quote.jpg)

![non broker not entitled to broker fee.jpg](https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/5d9c91dfab32172fb97e77ee/1589650997695-PUY5DKGBF99NIU5MWIIZ/non+broker+not+entitled+to+broker+fee.jpg)

![landmark decision business corporation law
909.png](https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/5d9c91dfab32172fb97e77ee/1589650839480-U6SREG41KMGMIRZDUNMO/landmark+decision+business+corporation+law+909.png)

![Former Super Wins Rent Stabilized Status.png](https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/5d9c91dfab32172fb97e77ee/1589651175722-AY0GPKO952TI4LDSZDMU/Former+Super+Wins+Rent+Stabilized+Status.png)

* * *

# Residential and Commercial Real Estate Lawyer

Many of our clients are tenants in Manhattan, Brooklyn or Queens who need
advice about staying in their rent-controlled or rent-stabilized apartments
after notice of adverse landlord action. However, we are selective in the
cases we take, applying our resources to cases that have significant merit.
Our law firm also represents New York City landlords on a wide variety of
transactional and litigation problems in residential and commercial leasing
properties. Our aggressive lawyers represent both landlords and tenants in any
rental dispute, landlord tenant litigation case. Contact us today at (212)
675-1125.

# Rent Stabilization and Deregulation Issues Lawyer

Our law firm is among the very few in Greater New York with the skill set
necessary to resolve complicated issues in the realm of rent stabilization and
rent control.

Joshua Price specializes in complex civil litigation. His resourceful approach
to landlord-tenant and rent control issues has made substantial contributions
to the development of the law in this perennially controversial area. Our firm
handles both residential and commercial real estate and landlord-tenant law
matters.

 _Clients seeking individualized service and aggressive representation turn to
The Price Law Firm. Based on our skills and experience in real estate law
matters, we are  _ ** _highly selective_** _  in choosing cases, and _ **
_limit our caseload_** _  to provide the highest level of legal service
possible to our clients._

### Call (212) 675-1125 for a Free Consultation

If you need help with a landlord-tenant, co-op board or commercial lease
problem, contact an experienced New York real estate attorney at The Price Law
Firm. Call (212) 675-1125 for a free consultation.

* * *



# Contact

###  **➤  LOCATION**

## The Price Law Firm LLC  
1115 Broadway, Suite 1053

### ☎ CONTACT

## Phone: (212) 675-1125  
Fax: (212) 202-4697

Name *

First Name

Last Name

Email *

Phone *

(###)

###

####

Zip Code

How can we help you? (Brief description of your legal issue):

How did you find us?

Ex. Yelp, Google, Facebook, referral by John Doe, etc.

I have read the disclaimer: *

The use of the Internet or this form for communication with the firm or any
individual member of the firm does not establish an attorney-client
relationship. Confidential or time-sensitive information should not be sent
through this form.

I agree

Thank you!

# Areas of Practice

* * *

![](https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/5d9c91dfab32172fb97e77ee/1571159080343-I9GREVBFQO78S251QSCW/image-
asset.jpeg)

### landlord-tenant law

The attorneys you choose to represent you in your landlord-tenant dispute
should have a comprehensive grasp of the rent laws in New York: rent
stabilization, rent control, overcharges and evictions. Their reputation for
results should be known throughout the real estate bar. They should know how
to negotiate and, if necessary, litigate for your goals in court.

Learn more

* * *

* * *

![](https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/5d9c91dfab32172fb97e77ee/1571159035604-KV24C2QW8KXBDW29TP4Z/image-
asset.jpeg)

### COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE LAW

Regardless of the term of your lease, any significant shift in the market will
create an incentive for one party or the other to seek termination of the
lease on whatever grounds the contract language and facts will support. Our
law firm’s understanding of both the market forces and the legal factors
affecting client interests can represent a powerful advantage for landlords
and tenants.

Learn more

* * *

* * *

![](https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/5d9c91dfab32172fb97e77ee/1616869966128-GOKMRB63TTSXGIVTFUAF/unsplash-
image-jJnZg7vBfMs.jpg)

### RESIDENTIAL REAL ESTATE LAW

Our attorneys' focus on real estate markets, mortgage lending practices and
real estate litigation strategy results in dependable advice and advocacy for
buyers and sellers in the closing of residential real estate sales
transactions, for those involved in property disputes and for individuals with
mortgage problems, including foreclosure. Call us today for a free
consultation.

Learn more

* * *







> All around great service! Heather was great, professional and super
> efficient. They are willing to go the extra step and answer questions to
> help out instead of trying to sell you on services like the typical
> attorneys do.

-- Satisfied Client





* * *







# Let's Chat.

Use the form below to contact us regarding your legal inquiry. Please be as
detailed as possible. Include your industry along with any specific document
requests. To help us best service your inquiry, we recommend that you first
describe the issue you’re having before telling us what you want to achieve.
You may also email or call us to make an appointment.  
  
For job opportunities, please email us your resume. We’re always looking for
new and exceptional talent to lead the firm into uncharted fields of practice.

Name *

First Name

Last Name

Email Address *

How Can We Help? *

Please do not include confidential or sensitive information in your message.
In the event that we are representing a party with opposing interests to your
own, we may have a duty to disclose any information you provide to our client.

How did you find us?

Ex. Yelp, Google, Facebook, referral by John Doe, etc.

I have read the disclaimer: *

The use of the Internet or this form for communication with the firm or any
individual member of the firm does not establish an attorney-client
relationship. Confidential or time-sensitive information should not be sent
through this form.

I agree

Thank you!



* * *

## Email or Call for a FREE Legal Consultation: (212) 675-1125

* * *

## Licensed in New York State



![](https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/5d9c91dfab32172fb97e77ee/1570551763788-WHIYORYUDGC3OA8T4DVR/logo-
HD-Transparent.png)

* * *

home | about | contact | pay invoice

Phone: (212) 675-1125 | jprice@thepricelawfirmllc.com  
1115 Broadway, Suite 1053, New York, NY 10010  
2565 North Jerusalem Road, East Meadow, NY 11554



The Price Law Firm LLC offers comprehensive service in a limited range of
practice areas to give clients first-class representation in all aspects of
New York real property law and litigation.

disclaimer | attorney advertising



