![logo](https://scaffidi.wpenginepowered.com/wp-
content/uploads/2017/12/scaffidi-logo-2.svg)

![en](https://scaffidi.wpenginepowered.com/wp-
content/plugins/gtranslate/flags/16/en-us.png) English

![en](https://scaffidi.wpenginepowered.com/wp-
content/plugins/gtranslate/flags/16/en-us.png)
English![es](https://scaffidi.wpenginepowered.com/wp-
content/plugins/gtranslate/flags/16/es.png) Español

  * __
  * __
  * __

212.593.2155

__Contact Us!

Menu __

  * About
  * Medical Malpractice
    * Anesthesia Errors
    * Birth Injuries
      * Cerebral Palsy
    * Emergency Room Negligence
    * Hospital Negligence
    * Misdiagnosis and Failure to Diagnose
      * Cancer Misdiagnosis
    * Misread Test Results
    * Surgical Errors
    * Prescription Drug Errors
  * Personal Injury
    * Motor Vehicle Accidents
      * Bicycle Accidents
      * Car Accidents
      * Distracted Driving Accidents
      * Motorcycle Accidents
      * Motor Scooter
      * Pedestrian Accidents
      * Ridesharing Accidents
      * SUV Rollover Accidents
      * Truck Accidents
      * Types of Car Accidents
    * Types of Injuries
      * Brain Injuries
      * Burn Injuries
      * Spinal Cord Injuries
    * Construction Accidents
    * Mass Transit Accidents
    * Municipality Liability
    * Nursing Home Abuse/Negligence
    * Premise Liability
    * Product Liability
    * Wrongful Death
  * Real Estate
    * Ownership, Title & Deed Issues
    * Residential Real Estate Closing
  * Business Law & Litigation
    * Breach of Contract
    * Business Contracts
    * Business Tort Litigation
    * Commercial Litigation
  * Other Areas
    * Appellate Law
    * Employment Law
      * Discrimination
      * Employment Agreements
      * Sexual Harassment
    * Trusts, Estates & Surrogate’s Court
      * Estate Litigation
      * Probate & Estate Administration
      * Special Needs Planning
  * Case Results
  * Testimonials
  * Blog
  * Contact

# Testimonials

Home | Testimonials

### A better law firm you will not find

Roy Scaffidi and his team of attorneys are outstanding, professional, and at
the top of their profession. They provide personal attention and results. A
better law firm you will not find. From the first meeting you will immediately
sense you made the right decision, as did I. The firm’s focus is on helping
you get through what can be a difficult and scary process, but they are there
from start to finish with professionalism, compassion, and outstanding
results.

### I want you to know that the judge said to me ‘that you were the best
lawyer he has ever encountered in his 20 years on the bench and 30 years in
law.'

I want to thank you for your amazing work in not only successfully settling my
case but to do it so quickly. I was so relieved that I didn’t have to testify.
But it’s hard to believe this is finally behind me. It will take a while for
it to really sink in. I also want you to know that the judge said to me ‘that
you were the best lawyer he has ever encountered in his 20 years on the bench
and 30 years in law.' In addition, the doctor’s lawyer told me ‘that I had a
really good lawyer’ and that he was very impressed with you. They didn’t have
to tell me that as I could see for myself after that first day of trial.
Again, thank you from the bottom of my heart. And please pass along my thanks
to your staff as I know they all had a part in this.

### Compassion and a search for justice during all phases of the litigation,
and genius and skill in the courtroom

Compassion and a search for justice during all phases of the litigation, and
genius and skill in the courtroom, resulted in a multi-million dollar award in
our wrongful death lawsuit. I lost both my only child, my daughter who was 5
1/2 months pregnant, and my unborn grandson due to medical malpractice.
Although the hole in my heart can never be filled, the humanity, respect and
grace that Scaffidi & Associates extended to our family during this
painstaking process to uncover the truth will not be forgotten.

### If you need a tough law firm then Scaffidi & Associates is the one for you

If you need a tough law firm then Scaffidi & Associates is the one for you.
They are tough on their opponents yes, but they are tough on their clients as
well. You will be prepared come your day in court. If you're looking to b.s.
don't bother. With Scaffidi & Associates everything is on the up and up. If it
weren't for Scaffidi & Associates I might be living on the streets these days.

### They are hard-working, honest, dedicated men and women

I have been a client of Scaffidi & Associates for 40 years. They are hard-
working, honest, dedicated men and women who work diligently for you in your
time of need. I recommend them to anyone who needs their services during a
difficult time.

### I could not have asked for a better, kinder hearted, diligent team

I’m not sure how often it can be described this way, but they truly felt like
family. When it all was said and done, we hugged and cried in relief when the
case was ultimately settled. I could not have asked for a better, kinder
hearted, diligent team to help me find my way back to road and on my way
towards healing.

### Their expertise in cases such as mine reassured me that no stone would be
left unturned

In what can sometimes be a long journey through the process of litigation, I
had confidence that my needs and the needs of my late husband were not just
being met but exceeded. Their expertise in cases such as mine reassured me
that no stone would be left unturned with their approach consistently well
thought out and meticulous.

### Their compassion, their support and their guidance got me through one of
the most difficult times in my life

Their compassion, their support and their guidance got me through one of the
most difficult times in my life and my gratitude only begins there. From the
moment I met with them I felt cared for not just as a client but also as a
human being dealing with unthinkable loss. Every step along the way they were
in constant contact and communication, providing me updates to my case and
helping manage expectations.

### Scaffidi & Associates truly helped me put the pieces back together

No one imagines or prepares for tragedy to strike, so when it does you can be
left feeling alone and overwhelmed. When I lost my husband suddenly and
unexpectedly my world came crashing down. Having the opportunity to work with
the incredible team at Scaffidi & Associates truly helped me put the pieces
back together.

### The process was smooth and seamless, not once did we worry

My family had the pleasure of working with James Scaffidi on a recent house
closing. He made sure our interests were represented and protected in the
contract. The process was smooth and seamless, not once did we worry. There
was so much work behind the scenes to get the closing completed quickly.
Apparently we closed in record time; from contract signing to closing it took
only 6 days and James didn’t flinch. There were no hiccups because James
thought of everything, was 100% prepared and professional. Our closing was
completed quickly and no detail was missed. He communicated regularly through
the entire process. We highly recommend James for your next legal matter.

### We were treated like we were part of the Scaffidi family

Upon searching for a law firm to represent us against a physician, a family
member highly recommended the Scaffidi law firm. Not only did we win a
settlement, but the professionalism and human concern shown to us by our
attorneys made us comfortable before and during the courtroom proceedings. In
fact, we were treated like we were part of the Scaffidi family. If Michelin
stars were given to law firms, Scaffidi & Associates would surely have ***

### I highly recommend Scaffidi & Associates for their dedicated service

As the mother of a disabled child, I am very thankful and deeply appreciate
Scaffidi & Associates, who fought for my son who, because of the medical
negligence and malpractice of the hospital, suffered brain damage and
developmental delays when he was just 10 days old. Mr. Roy F. Scaffidi and his
associates have excellent medical knowledge and litigation experience, and
they work very hard for their clients. My son now is 29 years old, and the
settlement that Scaffidi & Associates got for him 15 years ago has given my
son a better life and enabled him to get better care. I highly recommend
Scaffidi & Associates for their dedicated service - they have also helped me
when needed for my son after the settlement. I am so grateful for Scaffidi &
Associates and everything they have done for my son.

### Thanks to Carolina, Robert, and the rest of the firm, my daughter now has
a better life

In 1995, Scaffidi & Associates went out of their way to help me win a
malpractice case for my daughter. They devoted all of their time and energy in
making sure my daughter's case was successful. Thanks to Carolina, Robert, and
the rest of the firm, my daughter now has a better life.

### They handled our case with great professionalism from beginning to end

The experience I had with Scaffidi & Associates was extremely pleasant. From
the minute my family walked through the door at such a difficult time, they
handled our case with great professionalism from beginning to end. I would
recommend them to the fullest. I give them 5 stars.

### Their hard work meant the world to me and my family

I almost died because of a doctor's mistake and was very sick for a long time.
I had to have very expensive corrective surgery. Rob Marino and the team at
Scaffidi & Associates fought hard for me and got me a great settlement. Their
hard work meant the world to me and my family. Thank you and God bless.

### An outstanding job from start to finish that exceeded our expectations

Scaffidi & Associates is a very reputable law firm located in NYC that
specializes in both personal injury litigation and medical malpractice. The
firm is diligent, thorough, attentive to detail, responsive to client
questions and very understanding of their clients’ emotional state during the
litigation process. My family was extremely pleased with the outstanding
service provided by the entire staff at the firm. An outstanding job from
start to finish that exceeded our expectations.

### The gratitude I feel can never be expressed in words

Roy, Kevin, Robert and the team treated me as if I were their only client.
They were meticulous in the detail that they put into my case. They were
always available to speak if I had any questions, and walked me through the
case step by step from beginning to end, and helped me through a highly
emotional time in my life. Over the course of 4 plus years, it's as if they
became part of my family. The gratitude I feel can never be expressed in
words.

## CONTACT US ABOUT YOUR CASE

We encourage you to take the time to explore this website as the information
provided here will answer many of your questions. We believe that an educated
client is our best client. We are also readily available to discuss your case
in confidence, whether it’s a matter involving personal injury, medical
malpractice, real estate, or other legal challenges. Regardless of the issue
you are facing, we are uniquely qualified to provide you with exceptional
legal representation and personal service. Call our office or complete the
contact form on our website to set up a consultation.

  * Name*

First Last

  * Email*

  * Phone

  * Questions/Comments

  * CAPTCHA

  * Email

This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

__

![en](https://scaffidi.wpenginepowered.com/wp-
content/plugins/gtranslate/flags/16/en-us.png) English

![en](https://scaffidi.wpenginepowered.com/wp-
content/plugins/gtranslate/flags/16/en-us.png)
English![es](https://scaffidi.wpenginepowered.com/wp-
content/plugins/gtranslate/flags/16/es.png) Español

__Client Portal

![logo](https://scaffidi.wpenginepowered.com/wp-
content/uploads/2017/12/scaffidi-logo-3.svg)

777 Third Avenue Suite 27-A, New York, NY 10017

©  Scaffidi & Associates | Attorney Advertisement

**TEL** 212.593.2155

__Contact Us!

Disclaimer - This website is provided for general information on our law firm
and its areas of practice. Information on this website is not intended to
create an attorney-client relationship, nor does it constitute legal advice to
anyone receiving such information. No electronic communication with Scaffidi &
Associates on its own will generate an attorney-client relationship, nor will
it be considered an attorney-client privileged communication. No electronic
communication with Scaffidi & Associates will generate an obligation on their
part to respond. Prior results do not guarantee a similar outcome.

  * __
  * __
  * __

Sitemap

