  * **FREE CONSULTATION**

  * **CALL (917) 566-1003**

![Marshall Law Group](https://www.tmthespot.com/wp-
content/uploads/MarshallLawLogoFinalBoxed120.png) ![Marshall Law
Group](https://www.tmthespot.com/wp-
content/uploads/MarshallLawLogoFinalBoxed240.png)

  * # BRAND PROTECTION STARTS HERE

Menu

  * About Us
  * Packages
  * Programs & Classes
  * Testimonials
  * Meet Us
  * Contact

### TESTIMONIALS

Laurie Marshall and her staff are some of the best in the business. Laurie's
trademark searches are thorough, fast and she is fair. Beyond executing on the
tm search Laurie finds way to solve issues that may come up with securing or
your trademark or finding ways to get you the trademark you want either
through a variation or with helping with name generation! She's very easy to
work with I work with her as well as recommend her to my clients and friends!
You can’t go wrong with Laurie and her team:)

__Rashmi Budhram, Partner, Buko LLC

When I met Laurie for the first time I knew I wanted to work with her and it
was the best decision for my business. She put my trademark through quickly
and taught me so much about the trademark business. I now tell all my business
friends to call her asap! With trademarking it is not good to wait like so
many business do! Laurie is a joy to work with and I highly recommend her and
her business!

__Annie Bruce, Owner, Brooklyn Owl

I'm an attorney and I refer my clients to Laurie Marshall for all trademark
related issues. She has an in-depth understanding of trademark law, and she
knows how the US trademark office works. I have used her for trademark
applications for businesses owned by friends and family. Laurie and her staff
are professional, efficient, knowledgeable, and a pleasure to work with. I
highly recommend Laurie for all of your trademark legal work.

__Matt Mandell, Partner, Mandell Mandell LLP

Laurie Marshall and Cate Larson are great! They are professional and
courteous. They answer questions and prompt. I highly recommend them!

 __Evan Visante, Founder, Old Fabrications

TradeMarks The Spot has helped us file several trademarks. Their understanding
of the process, counsel on the finer points of each submission, and practical,
no-nonsense approach have helped us navigate through to securing each one.
They are true professionals.

__Dan Brokke, President Bethany International

My experience with Laurie and Cate was awesome! As a first time business owner
they made this experience a breeze and were always available to discuss the
steps to getting my trademark complete. They explained everything thoroughly
and made me feel confident about the process.

 __Kathy Juana

Thank you for the chance to share my experience with Attorney Laurie Marshall
and her team. I think what I was most impressed with was Laurie's down-to-
earth, accessible nature. Not once but twice we spoke on the phone when she
could of easily responded by email. In fact on both occasions she insisted we
speak on the phone for clarity and, I believe, to acknowledge my uncertainty
due to my novitiate status. It was obvious Laurie and her team desired only to
advocate for my needs with integrity and timeliness. Thank you so much for
taking on my application.

__Laura Fuller, owner, the FULLer CUP

Laurie has helped us in every step of the trademark process with prompt and
astute legal advice. She has facilitated the registration of our trademark in
the most efficient and economical way possible. I would highly recommend her
for any business looking for legal help and advice on trademarks.”

__Manjari Kumar, Best Class Inc.

As an entrepreneur, I've come to value people that can help navigate tricky
situations and save time. Laurie has been helpful, affordable and on point!

 __Kevin McCaffrey, Director of Business Development — Alternative Investments
at Thomson Reuters

Laurie made the process of trademarking my company, easy, seamless and
understandable. I was very happy with the process, her communication style and
the results arrived when she said they would. A great experience all around.

 __Katie Osborn, Principal & Creative Director

I love working with Laurie. We have three applications for Dog Fashion spa in
the works and the process has been seemless so far. I was hesitating about
spending money on something I thought I could handle myself. Trust me, the
time savings and peace of mind are priceless. More importantly, if there are
inquiries I know Laurie will handle them without sweat.

Also, do not wait for applying for the trademark.If you don't want to operate
as a mom-and-pop shop, do it as early as possible before you invest any money
in developing a Web site, printing labels, etc. Laurie is very straightforward
and will tell you right away if there is an issue with a trademark. You want a
professional with years of experience to guide you through this. I have three
master's degrees and I chose to outsource this task to her company. I sleep at
night and focus on growing my business while she is doing her job.

 __Elena Volnova, Co-Founder and Chief Executive, Dog Fashion

Laurie has provided excellent and cost-effective service related to trademarks
(searches, registration, guidance, etc.) for me at both the Oakland A's and
the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. Her work is always thorough, speedy and without
error. I enjoy working with Laurie and recommend her services without
reservation.

 __Chief Legal Officer, Tampa Bay Buccaneers

Laurie has been a tremendous resource with respect to trademark infringement,
filings, searches, etc. She has provided my business with top-notch advice
regarding our trademark issues. Laurie is super responsive, easy to reach at
all hours and has answers to questions literally at her finger tips. I would
refer her to anyone who wants to file a trademark or has issues with their
trademark in a litigation scenario.

 __Kimberly Schanzer, Attorney

I have worked with Laurie Marshall for over 10 years and can absolutely say,
she is one of the most thorough, hands-on professionals I have met. When it
comes to legal issues, especially trademarks, it is imperative to have someone
knowledgeable, experienced and thorough because having something go wrong with
your trademark can lead to catastrophic problems with your brand and business.
That's why I go to Laurie and her company —- she has over 15 years experience
and has managed trademarks for major brands and businesses like Major League
Baseball. You will be in good hands with Laurie.

 __Brett Hoebel, Founder, Hoebel Fitness & RevAbs

Laurie recently provided search and clearance services to my organization and
she was knowledgeable, professional and, above all, practical.

 __Matthew Shuber, Vice President, Business Affairs and Legal Counsel at
Toronto Blue Jays and Rogers Centre

I recently used Laurie’s services to trademark my new brand. She is a diligent
and knowledgeable trademark attorney who had my company’s best interests in
mind at all times. Her work was flawless and the process was painless for me.
I would recommend her services with pleasure.

 __Stehanie Sulpizi Bhalla, Due Cellucci, Inc.

Laurie has provided trademark services for one of my sports franchise clients
for several years and with much success. I have enjoyed working with her both
personally and professionally.

 __Jamie B. Eidenberg, Esq., Partner at Rifkin, Livingston, Levitan & Silver,
LLC

I am incredibly fortunate to have an incredible resource in Laurie Marshall
and her team at TradeMarks The Spot. In a short time and with little effort on
my part, I've gone from wondering what my options were to protect an
intellectual property to having papers filed to TM the work…AND with the
highest confidence that I have made the best possible choices in doing so.

Laurie and her team are a pleasure to work with, patient with questions and
concerns (upfront with a debrief and along the way) and insightful in their
advice. For someone like myself who has less than a working knowledge of
TM/copyright law, to have years of experience and efficiency on call for these
important business considerations is a dream come true. I look forward to my
next opportunity to work with TradeMarks The Spot!

 __Hallie Overman, Print & Product designer at overprint inc.

Laurie not only did the legwork but also gave good advice and support
concerning a trademark issue.  
She is straightforward and honest. I recommend hiring her.

 __Raoul Didisheim, Digital Executive

I met Laurie at the Count Me In for Women’s Economic Independence Conference.
She provides an excellent solution for small business owners to file
trademarks at a reasonable cost. Laurie is reliable and produces excellent
results. I truly enjoyed working with her.

 __Stephanie Bruno, Project Manager, DivaCFO

Laurie is a very experienced and detail oriented attorney, particularly
skilled at clearance work. She has cleared hundreds of marks in her career and
is one of the most thorough and careful clearance attorneys I have ever worked
with.

 __Jennifer Hamilton, Trademark Counsel, Major League Baseball Properties,
Inc.

Laurie is an exceptional attorney and legal advisor. She also has the
incredible ability to balance her client’s business needs with apparent
potential legal risk challenges. She not only delivered great risk assessment
advice, but incredible experience and insight into alternative business
possibilities. She has been and will continue to be an incredible legal asset
to me. I highly recommend her legal services.

 __Brett Serxner, Marketing Professional

Laurie possesses well established credentials as a trademark attorney, with a
keen understanding of a wide range of practice-related concerns - it was a
pleasure to work closely with her on a number of client matters, both when she
served as an in-house trademark counsel and, here, at Cowan, Liebowitz &
Latman, as a Senior Trademark Attorney.

 __Lawrence Greene, Partner at Cowan, Liebowitz & Latman, P.C.

  * Visit Our Yelp Page

  * ### Connect with Us

![Facebook](https://www.tmthespot.com/wp-
content/plugins/yasip/images/default/facebook_48x48.png)![Linkedin](https://www.tmthespot.com/wp-
content/plugins/yasip/images/default/linkedin_48x48.png)![instagram](https://www.tmthespot.com/wp-
content/plugins/yasip/images/default/instagram_48x48.png)

  * ### Search the Site

**Copyright ©2021 TradeMarks The Spot. All Rights Reserved. Attorney
Advertisement. Prior Results Do Not Guarantee A Similar Outcome.  
Design and development by  RLDGROUP.**

  * Privacy Policy
  * Contact

