Skip Navigation

  * Our Team
    * About Our Firm
    * Stewart R. Albertson
    * Keith A. Davidson
    * Jeffrey M. Hall
    * See All Attorneys
    * Legal Support Team
    * Careers
  * Practice Areas
    * Abused Beneficiary
    * Financial Elder Abuse
    * Trust Contest Lawyer
    * Trustee Theft
    * Trust Accounting
    * Probate Litigation
    * See All Practice Areas
  * Learning Center
    * Articles
    * Ask 2 Lawyers
    * Checkout Our E-Books
    * Form Vault
    * The Big Challenge Videos
    * Trust Law Courses
    * Stand, Fight, Win Videos
  * Verdicts & Settlements
  * Contact Us
  * Our Locations
    * Carlsbad
    * Orange County
    * Los Angeles (El Segundo)
    * Bay Area
    * Rancho Santa Fe

Menu

Tap To Call **(800) 601-0170**

Call Us Today (800) 601-0170

Qualify for a Free Consultation

Menu

  * Our Team 
    * About Our Firm
    * Stewart R. Albertson
    * Keith A. Davidson
    * Jeffrey M. Hall
    * See All Attorneys
    * Legal Support Team
    * Careers
  * Practice Areas 
    * Abused Beneficiary
    * Financial Elder Abuse
    * Trust Contest
    * Trustee Theft
    * Trust Accounting
    * Probate Litigation
    * See All Practice Areas
  * Learning Center 
    * Articles
    * Ask 2 Lawyers
    * Checkout Our E-Books
    * Form Vault
    * The Big Challenge Videos
    * Trust Law Courses
    * Stand, Fight, Win: LIVE
    * Death of a Defendant – Keeping the Lawsuit Alive
  * Other Menus 
    * Verdicts & Settlements
    * Contact Us
    * Our Locations
      * Carlsbad
      * Orange County
      * Los Angeles (El Segundo)
      * Bay Area
      * Rancho Santa Fe

# Fighting For Your Inheritance

We Restore Your Dignity as a California Trust  
and Will Beneficiary

Qualify for a Free Consultation

  * > We have recovered more than $250 million for our clients
  * > Albertson & Davidson, LLP recovered more than $250 million for our clients

Watch Our Videos

Read Our Blog

View Our Video Library

Real stories

What Our Clients Are Saying

We fight hard to help real people  
achieve real results.

View All Client Testimonials

We Will Not Let You Down

## We Can Help Resolve Your Problem

If you are facing a battle over a California trust, will, or probate
proceeding, you don’t have to go it alone. Our experienced trust and will
inheritance lawyers are here to help. We are aggressive trial attorneys who
focus solely on these types of complex cases. We stand. We fight. We win.

There is a feeling of vulnerability and betrayal that comes with being robbed.
Robbed of your inheritance. Robbed of your future. Robbed of the love and
support of a family member. At Albertson & Davidson, LLP, we know that feeling
because we work with abused beneficiaries every day. People who have uncovered
theft in their trust accounts, deceitful manipulation of a will, shameless
financial exploitation of an elderly family member, or unbelievable negligence
that resulted in the death of a loved one.

Read More

Qualify for a Free Consultation

How Can We Help You?

California Trial Attorneys Who Fight For You

At Albertson & Davidson, our California trust and will litigation attorneys
handle a wide range of matters involving trusts, wills, and probate. Our
compassionate and skilled legal team has recovered more than $250 million in
verdicts and settlements for our deserving probate and estate litigation
clients.

View All Practice Areas

  1. Abused Beneficiary 
  2. Elder Financial Abuse 
  3. Trust Contest Lawyer 
  4. Trustee Theft 
  5. Trust Accounting 
  6. Probate Litigation 

## About Our Firm

Founded in 2008, Albertson & Davidson serves abused beneficiaries who are
facing financial battles over trusts, wills, and probate matters in
California. Our team of seven estate attorneys has extensive courtroom
experience successfully litigating complex and often emotionally charged legal
issues.

With offices in Los Angeles, San Diego County, Orange County, and Silicon
Valley, our firm is available to assist clients throughout the state of
California. When you contact us, we will assess the specifics of your case and
determine whether you qualify for a free case evaluation. If we can’t help
with your case, we’ll refer you to someone who can.



Learn More About Our Firm

Stewart R. Albertson

Partner

Keith A. Davidson

Managing Partner

Jeffrey M. Hall

Partner

Christy Eisenbrey

Paralegal

Susan Nugent

Paralegal

Mary Worch

Paralegal

How can we help you?

Fill out this form to qualify for a free consultation. We will contact you as
soon as possible. We are able to do remote consultations in Zoom for all
cases.

"*" indicates required fields

What’s Your Name?

Email*

Phone*

Issue*

Abused BeneficiaryFinancial Elder AbuseTrust or Will ContestTrustee TheftTrust
Accounting

Value of the Trust/Estate*

$0-$499,999$500,000-$749,999$750,000-$999,999$1,000,000-$1,999,999$2,000,000+

How Can We Help?*

Video Consultation

Prefer a video consultation

__Hidden

recordid

__Hidden

website_page

__Hidden

form_title

__Hidden

referrer_URL

__Hidden

landing_page

CAPTCHA

Comments

This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

Δ

We never sell or share contact information. By submitting this form, the user
gives us permission to send periodic updates about our legal content and
resources.

Call Us Today 858-209-2309

  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __

  *   * 

Follow Us on Youtube

Our California Offices

Albertson & Davidson, LLP

Carlsbad Orange County Los Angeles (El Segundo) Bay Area Rancho Santa Fe

  * Home
  * Resources
  * Media
  * Testimonials
  * Blog
  * Site Map
  * Disclaimer
  * Privacy Policy
  * Contact Us

* **DISCLAIMER** : This is our lawyerly disclaimer, please read this **BEFORE SUBMITTING A CONTACT FORM TO US** : We encourage you to contact us for more information on our services. However, you should know that any information you share with us on this contact form is made by you without an expectation of confidentiality. That means you are transmitting this information for us to understand your problem, but we have no legal duty to keep that information confidential. If you would like to discuss sensitive or confidential information with us, then you must call our office and set an in-person consultation (or sometimes we are willing to provide a telephone consultation for people who do not reside in our area). We do not transmit or share your information with anyone else, but we are NOT under a legal duty to keep your information confidential nor are we precluded from representing any related or adverse party to you due only to your submission of information using this contact form. Also, you should have no expectation of creating an attorney-client relationship with us by submitting a contact form. We will be happy to respond to you and let you know the next step in the process. Thank you.   
  
The information provided on our website and in our videos are for general
informational purposes only and does not, and is not intended to, constitute
legal advice. You should consult an attorney for advice about your specific
legal matter.

Site by Consultwebs: Trust and Will Litigation Attorneys

##### Office Hours

×

Manage Cookie Consent

We use cookies to optimize our website and our service.

Functional Functional Always active

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate
purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the
subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission
of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of
storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical
purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for
anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on
the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third
party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually
be used to identify you.

Marketing Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send
advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for
similar marketing purposes.

Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about
these purposes

Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences

{title} {title} {title}

Array

