  * Home  * Our Team  * Practice Areas    * Trust and Estate Litigation    * Business Litigation    * Intellectual Property Litigation  * News & Articles  * Contact Us**(408) 715-7980**  * Home  * Our Team  * Practice Areas    * Trust and Estate Litigation    * Business Litigation    * Intellectual Property Litigation  * News & Articles  * Contact Us#### News & ArticlesCopyright infringement is a serious crime. This takes place when a person holds the rights to certain works or artistic expression and another party infringes it upon. If you MoreIf you are engaged in a creative endeavor and you come up with something that you think sounds pretty cool and actually works, you should consider retaining a qualified MoreThe process of negotiating a contract with someone always entails the same general aspect no matter how substantial or unsubstantial the obligations are. A contract is presented when an More# Litigation Attorneys in Santa Clara CountyAt **Hansen Law Firm, P.C.** , we offer our clients exceptional service at reasonable rates in a variety of core areas. Offering you the service that you deserve, the integrity that you expect, and the perspective that you need.### Practice AreasBusiness LitigationIntellectual Property   LitigationTrust and   Estate Litigation### Focused ApproachWhether you are an individual or a business, litigation can be a complex and daunting process - both personally and financially. That's why we are committed to serving your litigation needs in a manner that is as efficient as it is effective, giving each case a focused approach that balances advocacy with diplomacy.Offering you the service that you deserve, the integrity that you expect, and the perspective that you need.### Latest News ( view all )Jun 16, 2018#### Are You a Victim of Copyright Infringement?read moreMay 16, 2018#### Do I need Patent Protection?read moreApr 16, 2018#### Did a Breach of Contract Occur? - What Can You Do?read more#### Hansen Law Firm, P.C.75 E. Santa Clara St., Suite 1150   San Jose, CA 95113 Office: (408) 715-7980   Fax: (408) 715-7001  * Home  * About Us  * Our Team  * Practice Areas  * Contact UsThis web site is designed for general information only. The information presented at this site should not be construed to be formal legal advice nor the formation of a lawyer/client relationship.(C) 2024 All Rights Reserved. Law Firm Website Design by 