Skip to content

Menu

Menu

  * Partition Law
    * What is a Partition Action?
    * Partition Offsets and Accounting
    * Attorney's Fees in a Partition Action
    * Partition of Real Property Act
    * Partition Action Forms
    * California Partition Statutes
    * Quiet Title Co-Ownership
    * Litigation
  * Team
    * Attorney Scott Talkov
    * Attorney Olivia Dajee
    * Attorney Adeeb Djawad
    * Attorney Colleen Talkov
    * Attorney Katja M. Grosch
    * Attorney Ross Johnson
    * Attorney Natalie Myung
  * Locations
    * Los Angeles
    * Orange County
    * San Francisco
    * Riverside
    * San Diego
    * San Jose
    * Sacramento
  * Blog
  * About
    * Awards
    * Reviews
    * Future of the Law Scholarship
    * Careers
    * Press
  * Contact
  * (844) 4-TALKOV
  * 

Menu

  * Partition Law
    * What is a Partition Action?
    * Partition Offsets and Accounting
    * Attorney's Fees in a Partition Action
    * Partition of Real Property Act
    * Partition Action Forms
    * California Partition Statutes
    * Quiet Title Co-Ownership
    * Litigation
  * Team
    * Attorney Scott Talkov
    * Attorney Olivia Dajee
    * Attorney Adeeb Djawad
    * Attorney Colleen Talkov
    * Attorney Katja M. Grosch
    * Attorney Ross Johnson
    * Attorney Natalie Myung
  * Locations
    * Los Angeles
    * Orange County
    * San Francisco
    * Riverside
    * San Diego
    * San Jose
    * Sacramento
  * Blog
  * About
    * Awards
    * Reviews
    * Future of the Law Scholarship
    * Careers
    * Press
  * Contact
  * (844) 4-TALKOV
  * 

#  Partition Attorney

## Ending Co-Ownership Disputes: California Partition Attorneys in Los
Angeles, Orange County, San Francisco, Riverside, San Diego, San Jose,
Sacramento, Fresno, and Surrounding Areas in California

## If You Don’t Call Us, Your Co-Owner Will

The partition attorneys at Talkov Law assist co-owners of real estate to end
co-ownership disputes in California. We can help you obtain the equity you are
owed. Many times, one co-owner refuses to cooperate in a sale. We end these
disputes through a partition action in California, which is the only court
ordered process to solve these real estate co-ownership disputes.

In a partition action, the court will divide the property fairly between the
parties in two phases:

  1. Forcing the sale of the property in a partition by sale. In this phase, a Realtor will be hired to market the property on the open market to obtain the highest price. Sometimes, the buyer is the co-owner in possession of the property.
  2.  Dividing the proceeds of sale. In this phase, co-owners can assert any offsets for payments of the mortgage, taxes, insurance, repairs, improvements, rental value, and otherwise. The court can also award attorney’s fees, usually to the party who filed the partition.

#### What Our Partition Clients Are Saying

  * The team is professional who provides prompt advice and communication. The team made the whole process seamless and painless. I am very happy with the team and would engage them again should a need arise. 

read moreread less

**jenny howard**

  * Talkov Law will get your partition done. Adeeb did a tremendous job on my partition. Adeeb along with Scott are very knowledgeable to the partition laws and nobody can compete. Adeeb along with Scott is a great combination. These guys know what they are doing and Adeeb is going give you the pros and cons and advise you to the best decision to make in your partition settlement. I couldn't have asked for a better outcome to my case. These guys really know the law. Thanks Adeeb and Talkov Law..... 

read moreread less

**Mario Mottley**

  * Scott Talkov is a great human being who cares and has been a vital instrument to my case! Thank you! 

read moreread less

**ROANNA SABEH-AZAR**

  * Olivia Dajee and the attorneys at Talkov Law were very helpful in representing me in a partition case that could have easily become much more complicated. They were knowledgeable, excellent at communication, and were able to sell my property quickly and efficiently without court intervention. I highly recommend Talkov Law to anyone searching for a reliable real estate partition attorney! 

read moreread less

**Sheryll Vanderhooft**

  * Talkov Law did an awesome job with a partition lawsuit! The attorney they assigned to represent me Olivia did an excellent job! They are very professional and knowledgeable. I highly recommend them. Thank you for the great and wonderful job you did! 

read moreread less

**Miros Flores**

  * The staff are very good and very responsive. Every time I reach out to them. They are always there. Good service indeed! 

read moreread less

**Roger Rombawa**

## Common Co-Ownership Disputes that We Resolve

Partition actions are very common among co-owners in California. There are
many different examples of partition actions, but all contain co-owners who
disagree on what to do with jointly owned property. Among the most frequent
parties in partition actions are:

  * Former boyfriends and girlfriends
  * Parents and children
  * Siblings, especially after jointly inheriting a family home
  * Cousins, aunts and uncles
  * Friends
  * Co-investors in real estate
  * Post-divorce joint owners

However the parties ended up in the co-ownership relationship, there is only
one way to end those disputes: a partition action.

In most cases, the length of time for a partition action is only a few months,
and the cost of the partition will be several thousand dollars. However, the
result will be that plaintiffs will have a check in their hand without the
worries of co-ownership.

Below, our partition attorneys discuss some of the frequently asked questions
about partition actions in California.

**Contents** hide

1. Ending Co-Ownership Disputes: California Partition Attorneys in Los Angeles, Orange County, San Francisco, Riverside, San Diego, San Jose, Sacramento, Fresno, and Surrounding Areas in California

2. Common Co-Ownership Disputes that We Resolve

3. What Happens in a Partition Action?

4. The Right to Partition in California

5. Are There Defenses to a Partition Action?

6. How Much Does a Partition Action Cost and Who Will Pay the Attorney’s Fees?

7. Can I Recover Offsets for the Mortgages, Taxes, Insurance, Repairs, Improvements, and Rental Value?

8. Frequently Asked Questions about Partition Actions in California

9. Do I Need a Partition Lawyer?

10. Call Today to Speak With a Partition Lawyer

11. Talkov Law's Partition Attorneys Can Help

If you have further questions after reading this article, we invite you to
contact us at Talkov Law.

## What Happens in a Partition Action?

Nearly all partition action are partition by sale. After filing the partition
complaint and serving the defendants, the court will generally order that the
property be marketed for sale by a court-appointed partition referee. That
referee will hire a Realtor to market the property on the MLS (Multiple
Listing Service) so that the offers are at the full market value.

However, in many cases, the co-owner in possession will make a settlement
offer to the co-owner filing the partition to purchase their interest for an
amount that is equivalent to what the plaintiff would receive if the partition
action resulted in a sale of the property. These settlements short-circuit the
delays, headaches and attorney’s fees incurred in prolonged litigation.

In rare cases, there are other forms of partition that can be used. In a
partition by appraisal, the parties agree on the buyer and method of appraisal
of the property to allow one or more parties to be bought out. In a partition
in kind, usually used for vacant land, the property can be physically divided.
Single family homes are generally ineligible for this form of partition.

## The Right to Partition in California

Commonly, when there is disagreement where one or more co-owner of a property
may want to sell the property, but another co-owner does not agree to sell, a
partition action can help force the sale of the property fairly and equitably
among the joint owners.

Fortunately, the right to a partition action is absolute in California,
meaning that the right to partition a property is achievable by any co-owner,
no matter how small or large their interest in the property may be. Once filed
with the courts, a partition action cannot be “stopped” by a party who does
not wish to sell the property unless the parties can resolve the dispute by
settling. As the courts have explained, “ ** _the right to partition is
absolute_** , and cannot be denied, ‘either because of any supposed
difficulty, nor on the suggestion that the interest of the cotenants will be
promoted by refusing the application or temporarily postponing action, . . .’”
_Priddel v. Shankie_  (1945) 69 Cal.App. 2d 319, 325.

## Are There Defenses to a Partition Action?

Many times, parties ask if a partition action can be stopped, and whether
there are affirmative defenses to a partition action. In all but the rarest of
cases, there is no defense to a partition action. When there is a defense, it
will usually consist of a written waiver of the right to partition in a
tenants in common agreement. However, this is extremely rare as most co-owners
do not have any written agreement relating to their co-ownership arrangement.

## How Much Does a Partition Action Cost and Who Will Pay the Attorney’s Fees?

Perhaps the most common question we are asked is the cost of a partition
action in California. Usually, the cost will range from $8,000 to $12,000,
depending upon the complexity. Given our experience, we are able to win a
partition action and produce a better result at a lower cost in a faster
manner than many firms without such expertise. Often times, there is an
uncooperative tenant or co-owner at the property who is in no rush to leave.
Our experience will make sure that the occupants cooperate or pay the price
both financially and possibly through paying your attorneys fees for the
partition. In rare cases, partition actions give rise to related disputes,
such as a quiet title action, which can increase the cost of a partition
action.

## Can I Recover Offsets for the Mortgages, Taxes, Insurance, Repairs,
Improvements, and Rental Value?

After the property is sold, every partition involves an accounting wherein
owners can recover partition offsets. If one co-owner made improvements, paid
the taxes or paid the mortgage, this will be the time to recoup those
payments. Even further, if one co-owner has been in possession or has retained
the rent, an argument can be raised to recover the rental value of the
property.

## Frequently Asked Questions about Partition Actions in California

The partition attorneys at Talkov Law are handling numerous partition lawsuits
at any given time. With our experience, we can easily answer the common
questions as found in our Ultimate Guide to Partition Actions in California,
including:

  * How to file a partition action?
  * What are the pros and cons of a partition action?
  * Partition action forms
  * Can you recover payments benefiting the property in a partition action?
  * How to win a partition action?
  * How long does it take to win a partition action?
  * Can a partition action be stopped? How do you stop a partition action?
  * Affirmative defenses to a partition action
  * Do I need a partition action lawyer?
  * How do I choose a partition action attorney?

## Our Attorneys Are Handling Over 260 Partition Actions Across California

## Do I Need a Partition Lawyer?

There can be nothing more frustrating than co-ownership of real estate in
California. Many times, one co-owner of property is paying the mortgage, while
another co-owner lives at the property without making any contribution to the
property. Other times, the property was inherited, perhaps years ago, making
partition the only way to unlock the value of the property. Eventually,
tenancy-in-common and joint-tenancy get old, and co-owners seek to end this
unhealthy property co-ownership relationship. While parties may have purchased
the property as tenants-in-common because they are family, friends, or fellow
investors, the relationship often turns out to be something other than the
parties expected.

Our partition attorneys in California bring an end to real estate co-ownership
disputes. We accomplish this goal through the only court ordered process to do
so: by filing a partition action in California. Our experience means that we
can do so efficiently and effectively.

If You Don’t Call Us, Your Co-Owner Will

Call Today (844) 4-TALKOV (825568)

## Call Today to Speak With a Partition Lawyer

If you are looking to end your co-ownership relationship, it is critical to
protect your rights and speak to an experienced and creative real estate
litigator. Call Talkov Law today at (844) 4-TALKOV (825568) or contact us
online for a free analysis of your situation.

## Talkov Law's Partition Attorneys Can Help

If you want to end your co-ownership relationship, but your co-owner won’t
agree, a partition action is your only option. With seven, full time partition
lawyers, Talkov Law is the #1 partition law firm in California and has handled
over 260 partition actions throughout California. Every case has resulted in a
sale to either a third party or one of the co-owners. Not a single court has
denied our clients the right to partition or declared our client to be a non-
owner. Plus, for qualified cases, there is no fee until we settle or win your
case!

If you're looking to end your co-ownership dispute, contact California's
premier partition action law firm by calling Talkov Law at (844) 4-TALKOV
(825568) or sending us a message today.

## Speak to a Partition Attorney Today

First Name (required)  

Last Name (required)  

Your E-mail (required)  

Phone  

A Brief Description of Your Partition Dispute: (required)  
  
Submission of this form does not create an attorney client relationship.
Please do not submit confidential information.  
  

### **Talkov Law is Rated 5 out of 5 stars based on 52 customer reviews.**

5 out of 5 stars

huero b

Very helpful and kept me updated on everything that was done and what was
going on.. Will highly recommend to others.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Teresita Diaz

Nick and the Talkov Law team brought about a wonderful ending to my partition
dispute and I highly recommend them.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Doug Bungert

My attorney, Nick Moss has impressed me with his friendly demeanor, experience
level and thoroughness while working with me on my case. I put my trust in him
and I have not been disappointed.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Fernando Maciel

Nick Moss and the Talkov Law team did a fantastic job helping me bring an end
to my co-ownership dispute. Nick demonstrated exemplary professionalism and
expertise. He's patient and great at communicating and translating legal
jargon. I highly recommend them and the Talkov Law team.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Michael Rice

Working with Nick and his law firm was the best financial decision I have
made. The services they provided was exactly what we needed. Nick was easy to
get ahold of and made this process a smooth one. He is so knowledgeable and
professional. We could not have had a better experience.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Jocelyn Agda

nick amd the talkov law team used their knowledge and expertise to provide me
with thoughtful advice to bring about a prompt end to my partition dispute.i
highly recommended talkov law.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Mike Conley

Nick provided pertinent advice to help bring a resolution to my real estate
ownership dispute. I highly recommend Nick Moss.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Yves Halliburton

Nick Moss and the Talkov Law team used their knowledge and expertise to bring
about a wonderful end to my real property co-ownership dispute. Nick exhibited
impressive patience in the face of uncooperative parties to the lawsuit which
helped ease my anxiety associated with my lawsuit with confidence that justice
will prevail. Thank you Talkov Law Corp.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Omar Medel

I highly recommend Nick Moss and the rest of Talkov Law team. I was very
pleased with Nick's knowledge and legal counsel. I don't think going through
this process would have been as easy without Nick. Nick's attentiveness and
focus on my case made me feel secure and confident. He always kept me up to
date on what was needed to keep the process as smooth as possible. All in all
10/10

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

jeff clark

Nick did a fantastic job working through every issue to get to a resolution
that completely met our expectations.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Michelle Cervana

Talkov Law provided excellent service. My family is grateful to Nick Moss for
his expertise and diligence. Thanks to Nick, my family's co-ownership dispute
has finally been resolved.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Mike Conley

Nick provided pertinent advice to help bring a resolution to my real estate
ownership dispute. I highly recommend Nick Moss.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Helen Groves

Legal issues can be stressful and it really helps to find a knowledgeable,
confident and kind person to help me through this time. Nick Moss of the
Talkov Law Team was that great person for me and brought about a prompt ending
to my contentious property ownership dispute. I highly recommend hiring Talkov
Law.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Kenneth and Linda Mandel

Nick Moss was professional, knowledgeable and responsive. With his help we
resolved the legal claim without extensive legal proceedings, which saved us
money and time. Highly recommend this firm!

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Kavita Nandra

Attorneys Colleen Talkov and Scott Talkov have my highest recommendation for
providing excellent legal service. I contacted the Talkov Legal Firm back in
July 2022 as I had been wanting to sell a co-owned piece of property. Both
Colleen and Scott worked on my case at different points, but I want to give a
special shout-out to Colleen (who handled the majority of my case) for being
so professional and prompt. Colleen is amazing, along with paralegal Noor, who
was also polite and prompt via email. Both Colleen and Scott are easy to work
with, ethical, and professional. I felt I had the best representation, and
while I was upset and stressed with the overall fact that I even had to retain
a lawyer, I was confident in Colleen to handle things; and she did. I wish all
the best to the Talkov team, including health and prosperity. This is the law
firm you want to represent you!

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Antoine Becks

I highly recommend Talkov Law Corp to handle a real estate co-ownership
dispute.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

ROANNA SABEH-AZAR

Scott Talkov is a great human being who cares and has been a vital instrument
to my case! Thank you!

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Rachel Salinas

Nick Moss and the Talkov Law Corp team used their knowledge and expertise to
help me bring an end to my co-ownership dispute. I highly recommend Talkov Law
Corp.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Mario Mottley

Talkov Law will get your partition done. Adeeb did a tremendous job on my
partition. Adeeb along with Scott are very knowledgeable to the partition laws
and nobody can compete. Adeeb along with Scott is a great combination. These
guys know what they are doing and Adeeb is going give you the pros and cons
and advise you to the best decision to make in your partition settlement. I
couldn't have asked for a better outcome to my case. These guys really know
the law. Thanks Adeeb and Talkov Law.....

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Miros Flores

Talkov Law did an awesome job with a partition lawsuit! The attorney they
assigned to represent me Olivia did an excellent job! They are very
professional and knowledgeable. I highly recommend them. Thank you for the
great and wonderful job you did!

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Teresita Diaz

Nick and the Talkov Law team brought about a wonderful ending to my partition
dispute and I highly recommend them.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Kenneth Franco

From the moment I spoke on the telephone with Mr. Nick Moss, I had a good
feeling about him. He is very personable and has an abundance of knowledge
when it comes to partition law. Thanks to his hard work, attention to detail,
and prompt follow up, my partition lawsuit was resolved in a timely manner.
Thank you, Nick.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Erin Mendoza

Talkov Law is the most reliable and diligent with regards to getting things
done. They are very knowledgeable and helped me with my partition case. Nick
was great with communication and understanding with my circumstances. I would
definitely recommend them.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Pauline Dietz

Took longer then I had anticipated. Then again this is my first time. Thank
Ferdeza for being patient with me and David! I'd like to thank everyone at
Talkov Law for taking on my case. I had no money to put down a retainer. But
you all took my case anyway Thank you Jesus

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Fernando Maciel

Nick Moss and the Talkov Law team did a fantastic job helping me bring an end
to my co-ownership dispute. Nick demonstrated exemplary professionalism and
expertise. He's patient and great at communicating and translating legal
jargon. I highly recommend them and the Talkov Law team.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Jocelyn Agda

nick amd the talkov law team used their knowledge and expertise to provide me
with thoughtful advice to bring about a prompt end to my partition dispute.i
highly recommended talkov law.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Roger Rombawa

The staff are very good and very responsive. Every time I reach out to them.
They are always there. Good service indeed!

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Michael Brown

Talkov Law represented us in a case that ended with a very successful
mediation settlement. The overall team was great. Specifically, Scott steered
the case up front in ways that were effective, quickly laid out our options
and were realistic and proactive in driving the case to conclusion. At each
step along the way he gave us informed options, and was both mindful of our
time and efficient with hours. Ferdeza Zekiri handed the case at a detailed
level, and was singled out by our mediator for the quality and argumentation
in our brief--and rightly so. It was her preparation and confidence in the
facts of the case that drove it to a successful conclusion, achieving a result
I’m doubtful we would have reached with other attorneys.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Will V

I had some property line issues a couple months back and Scott gave me the
advice I needed to move forward. I wasn't sure how to go about the situation,
he gave guidance and insight on how things work. I outreached to a few
attorneys and none of them got back to me but Scott took the time to reach me
and help me out right away. Thank you guys.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Omar Medel

I highly recommend Nick Moss and the rest of Talkov Law team. I was very
pleased with Nick's knowledge and legal counsel. I don't think going through
this process would have been as easy without Nick. Nick's attentiveness and
focus on my case made me feel secure and confident. He always kept me up to
date on what was needed to keep the process as smooth as possible. All in all
10/10

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Sheryll Vanderhooft

Olivia Dajee and the attorneys at Talkov Law were very helpful in representing
me in a partition case that could have easily become much more complicated.
They were knowledgeable, excellent at communication, and were able to sell my
property quickly and efficiently without court intervention. I highly
recommend Talkov Law to anyone searching for a reliable real estate partition
attorney!

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Doug Bungert

My attorney, Nick Moss has impressed me with his friendly demeanor, experience
level and thoroughness while working with me on my case. I put my trust in him
and I have not been disappointed.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

huero b

Very helpful and kept me updated on everything that was done and what was
going on.. Will highly recommend to others.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

RICK JAMES

The process has been very smooth. Ferdeza was both thorough and attentive to
my needs. I thoroughly recommend Talkov Law.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Olivia Garcia

Nick and the Talkov Law Corp team brought about a prompt ending to my
partition lawsuit using legal expertise and professionalism. I highly
recommend hiring Talkov Law Corp.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

jeff clark

Nick did a fantastic job working through every issue to get to a resolution
that completely met our expectations.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Damon Graddy

Very happy with my experience with Talkov Law. Scott seemed to understand my
case and needs, assigning my case to Nick Moss. Nick has been delightful to
work with putting me at ease with a very tense family situation. No resolution
yet but we are working to that end. I would recommend this group when everyone
else tells you it cant be done.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Antoine Becks

I highly recommend Talkov Law Corp to handle a real estate co-ownership
dispute.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Olivia Garcia

Nick and the Talkov Law Corp team brought about a prompt ending to my
partition lawsuit using legal expertise and professionalism. I highly
recommend hiring Talkov Law Corp.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

jenny howard

The team is professional who provides prompt advice and communication. The
team made the whole process seamless and painless. I am very happy with the
team and would engage them again should a need arise.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Yves Halliburton

Nick Moss and the Talkov Law team used their knowledge and expertise to bring
about a wonderful end to my real property co-ownership dispute. Nick exhibited
impressive patience in the face of uncooperative parties to the lawsuit which
helped ease my anxiety associated with my lawsuit with confidence that justice
will prevail. Thank you Talkov Law Corp.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Corinne Ramirez

With the help of Talkov Law, I was able to not only win my case but also
collect attorney's fees from the opposing party. I was involved in a business
dispute where the other side refused to accept that they were wrong. The court
repeatedly granted Scott's motions to dismiss and also granted me $25,000 in
attorney's fees! I am so glad that Scott was referred to me by another
attorney and that this headache is finally behind me. I hope I never need
another lawyer again, but if I do, Talkov Law will be the first law firm I
call.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Peter Reyes

Exellent customer service from Talkov Law, SPECIALLY from Mr. Nick Moss who is
a very professional and knowledgeable Real Estate attorney, who always was at
my disposition and went out of his way in order to helping me with the Real
Estate problem that I was going thru. I would not hesitate a second to use
their professional sevices again or to refer anybody I know. THANKS once again
Talkov Law( Nick Moss). Best regards. Sincerely Peter Reyes

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Kenneth and Linda Mandel

Nick Moss was professional, knowledgeable and responsive. With his help we
resolved the legal claim without extensive legal proceedings, which saved us
money and time. Highly recommend this firm!

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Michelle Cervana

Talkov Law provided excellent service. My family is grateful to Nick Moss for
his expertise and diligence. Thanks to Nick, my family's co-ownership dispute
has finally been resolved.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Peter Reyes

Exellent customer service from Talkov Law, SPECIALLY from Mr. Nick Moss who is
a very professional and knowledgeable Real Estate attorney, who always was at
my disposition and went out of his way in order to helping me with the Real
Estate problem that I was going thru.I would not hesitate a second to use
their professional sevices again or to refer anybody I know.THANKS once again
Talkov Law( Nick Moss).Best regards.SincerelyPeter Reyes

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Rachel Salinas

Nick Moss and the Talkov Law Corp team used their knowledge and expertise to
help me bring an end to my co-ownership dispute. I highly recommend Talkov Law
Corp.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Damon Graddy

Very happy with my experience with Talkov Law. Scott seemed to understand my
case and needs, assigning my case to Nick Moss. Nick has been delightful to
work with putting me at ease with a very tense family situation. No resolution
yet but we are working to that end. I would recommend this group when everyone
else tells you it cant be done.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Patrick and Emily Cena

Colleen Talkov provided very professional representation in connection with a
potentially difficult case, and as a result of her skill and persistence we
obtained an outstanding result. Her assistant, Noor Haleem, was also very
helpful and professional. Thank you for a positive experience and a successful
outcome.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Michael Rice

Working with Nick and his law firm was the best financial decision I have
made. The services they provided was exactly what we needed. Nick was easy to
get ahold of and made this process a smooth one. He is so knowledgeable and
professional. We could not have had a better experience.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Kenneth Franco

From the moment I spoke on the telephone with Mr. Nick Moss, I had a good
feeling about him. He is very personable and has an abundance of knowledge
when it comes to partition law. Thanks to his hard work, attention to detail,
and prompt follow up, my partition lawsuit was resolved in a timely manner.
Thank you, Nick.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Helen Groves

Legal issues can be stressful and it really helps to find a knowledgeable,
confident and kind person to help me through this time. Nick Moss of the
Talkov Law Team was that great person for me and brought about a prompt ending
to my contentious property ownership dispute. I highly recommend hiring Talkov
Law.

read moreread less

### Contact Us Today for a Free Consultation & Pay No Retainer

Call Talkov Law to discuss having your legal fees paid from the proceeds of
sale of your property and no money down

First Name (required)

|

Last Name (required)  
  
---|---  
  
|  
  
Your E-mail (required)

|

Phone  
  
---|---  
  
|  
  
A Brief Description of Your Partition and Co-Ownership Dispute Issue:
(required)  
Submission of this form does not create an attorney client relationship.
Please do not submit confidential information.  
  

### Awards and Recognition

### We Have Been Featured On:

Recent Blog Posts  

  * Can a Co-Owner Buy the Property in the Partition Action?

  * Unclear Ownership Interests on Deeds with Multiple Co-Owners

  * What is the Difference Between Joint Tenancy and Tenancy in Common?

Talkov Law Corp.  
info@talkovlaw.com  
(844) 4-TALKOV (825568)  
Mon - Fri 8:30 AM to 5:00 PM

Offices Throughout California

Los Angeles

Orange County

San Francisco

Riverside

San Diego

San Jose

Sacramento

Partition Actions Litigation

The information on this site, including the Talkov Law Blog, is intended for
general information purposes only. By using this site, you agree that any
information contained in the site does not constitute legal, financial or any
other form of professional advice. Information on this site may be changed
without notice and is not guaranteed to be complete, accurate, correct or up-
to-date.

(C) 2009-2024 Talkov Law Corp., a California professional corporation. |
Privacy Policy

Close

  * Partition Law
    * What is a Partition Action?
    * Partition Offsets and Accounting
    * Attorney's Fees in a Partition Action
    * Partition of Real Property Act
    * Partition Action Forms
    * California Partition Statutes
    * Quiet Title Co-Ownership
    * Litigation
  * Team
    * Attorney Scott Talkov
    * Attorney Olivia Dajee
    * Attorney Adeeb Djawad
    * Attorney Colleen Talkov
    * Attorney Katja M. Grosch
    * Attorney Ross Johnson
    * Attorney Natalie Myung
  * Locations
    * Los Angeles
    * Orange County
    * San Francisco
    * Riverside
    * San Diego
    * San Jose
    * Sacramento
  * Blog
  * About
    * Awards
    * Reviews
    * Future of the Law Scholarship
    * Careers
    * Press
  * Contact
  * (844) 4-TALKOV
  * Search

Search for:

