Skip Navigation

  * Our Team
    * About Our Firm
    * Stewart R. Albertson
    * Keith A. Davidson
    * Jeffrey M. Hall
    * See All Attorneys
    * Legal Support Team
    * Careers
  * Practice Areas
    * Abused Beneficiary
    * Financial Elder Abuse
    * Trust Contest Lawyer
    * Trustee Theft
    * Trust Accounting
    * Probate Litigation
    * See All Practice Areas
  * Learning Center
    * Articles
    * Ask 2 Lawyers
    * Checkout Our E-Books
    * Form Vault
    * The Big Challenge Videos
    * Trust Law Courses
    * Stand, Fight, Win Videos
  * Verdicts & Settlements
  * Contact Us
  * Our Locations
    * Carlsbad
    * Orange County
    * Los Angeles (El Segundo)
    * Bay Area
    * Rancho Santa Fe

Menu

Tap To Call **(800) 601-0170**

Call Us Today (800) 601-0170

Qualify for a Free Consultation

Menu

  * Our Team 
    * About Our Firm
    * Stewart R. Albertson
    * Keith A. Davidson
    * Jeffrey M. Hall
    * See All Attorneys
    * Legal Support Team
    * Careers
  * Practice Areas 
    * Abused Beneficiary
    * Financial Elder Abuse
    * Trust Contest
    * Trustee Theft
    * Trust Accounting
    * Probate Litigation
    * See All Practice Areas
  * Learning Center 
    * Articles
    * Ask 2 Lawyers
    * Checkout Our E-Books
    * Form Vault
    * The Big Challenge Videos
    * Trust Law Courses
    * Stand, Fight, Win: LIVE
    * Death of a Defendant – Keeping the Lawsuit Alive
  * Other Menus 
    * Verdicts & Settlements
    * Contact Us
    * Our Locations
      * Carlsbad
      * Orange County
      * Los Angeles (El Segundo)
      * Bay Area
      * Rancho Santa Fe

Home Testimonials

# What Our Clients Are Saying

## Video Testimonials

What Did You Like About Us?

How Did You Like Our Team Approach?

Why Did You Choose Us?

What Did You Like About Working With Albertson & Davidson, LLP?

Real Clients, Real Results

## More Client Testimonials

I am very glad that I found Albertson & Davidson to help me through my legal
battle regarding my father’s trust. I was the trustee, and was being
threatened with not getting paid for the 14 years of work that I was consumed
with in managing the trust. This legal firm truly works as a team, both
internally and with their clients. They were receptive to all of my questions
and input, and they consulted with each other to reach what I feel was the
best possible outcome. I am truly appreciative!

Jennifer Fitzpatrick

Albertson & Davidson was in my corner during one of the most difficult periods
of my life. I was being challenged as a beneficiary of my beloved late
brothers estate. Stewart, Keith, and their brilliant team took my case and
with their expertise and aggressive defense of my interests, brought it to a
successful resolution. They addressed all my questions and concerns promptly
and explained everything thoroughly in layman’s terms. I am grateful for their
professionalism, superb communication and compassion shown me throughout the
process. I highly recommend them.

Debra Kaisersatt

I truly appreciate all that Keith and Stewart have done for me, and for the
chance that you took in representing me. If it hadn’t been for you both, and
all that you did for me, then I would have been lost. I really hope that you
will continue to help others on a contingency basis, and that you will never
again experience an opposing party such as my sister.

Melissa Merrilees

No other lawyers wanted to take my case, Albertson & Davidson readily accepted
it and aggressively prosecuted my legal issue. They took a personal interest
in my case and provided excellent counsel throughout. Ultimately, they were
able to remove three bad trustees of my trust, return my trust proceeds, which
are now under management by a competent trustee responsive to my needs. I
would highly recommend Albertson & Davidson to anyone who is an abused trust
beneficiary.

P. Chilson

This legal team, from senior partners to paralegals and secretaries are truly
the most professional, polite, knowledgeable, and cheerful group I have
encountered in providing legal counsel and care when I needed them. There was
not a time my questions were not answered to my satisfaction. Their target
date of completion of my case was on time. Albertson & Davidson is the best
and most honest attorneys in dealing with their clients. I speak from my own
experiences with them.

Pilar Louviaux

I wanted my Trust to be accepted by my reverse-mortage lender. After Albertson
& Davidson completed my Trust, they spent a great deal of extra effort to work
with my lender to accept my Trust. I am so glad I have my Trust completed. I
thank Albertson & Davidson, LLP for a job well done. I appreciate the extra
effort they put forth on my behalf. Also, it was nice to have Jennifer, with
her happy voice, to talk to when needed. I’ll definitely pass your name on
when anyone I know needs an attorney.

Janice Figard

* Please keep in mind that all cases are different and there are no guarantees of success in any particular case. The outcome of your case may vary depending on the applicable facts and laws of your case.

Fill out this form to qualify for a free case evaluation. We will contact you
as soon as possible. We are able to do remote consultations in Zoom for all
cases.

"*" indicates required fields

Your Name*

Email*

Phone*

Issue*

Abused BeneficairyFinancial Elder AbuseTrust or Will ContestTrustee TheftTrust
Accounting

Value of the Trust/Estate*

$0-$499,999$500,000-$749,999$750,000-$999,999$1,000,000-$1,999,999$2,000,000+

How Can I Help?*

 __Hidden

recordid

__Hidden

website_page

__Hidden

form_title

__Hidden

referrer_URL

__Hidden

landing_page

CAPTCHA

Comments

This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

Δ

We Get Results

More Than $250 Million in Verdicts and Settlements Recovered

Qualify for a Free Consultation

Awards & Certifications

How can we help you?

Fill out this form to qualify for a free consultation. We will contact you as
soon as possible. We are able to do remote consultations in Zoom for all
cases.

"*" indicates required fields

What’s Your Name?

Email*

Phone*

Issue*

Abused BeneficiaryFinancial Elder AbuseTrust or Will ContestTrustee TheftTrust
Accounting

Value of the Trust/Estate*

$0-$499,999$500,000-$749,999$750,000-$999,999$1,000,000-$1,999,999$2,000,000+

How Can We Help?*

Video Consultation

Prefer a video consultation

__Hidden

recordid

__Hidden

website_page

__Hidden

form_title

__Hidden

referrer_URL

__Hidden

landing_page

CAPTCHA

Phone

This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

Δ

We never sell or share contact information. By submitting this form, the user
gives us permission to send periodic updates about our legal content and
resources.

Call Us Today 858-209-2309

  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __

  *   * 

Follow Us on Youtube

Our California Offices

Albertson & Davidson, LLP

Carlsbad Orange County Los Angeles (El Segundo) Bay Area Rancho Santa Fe

  * Home
  * Resources
  * Media
  * Testimonials
  * Blog
  * Site Map
  * Disclaimer
  * Privacy Policy
  * Contact Us

* **DISCLAIMER** : This is our lawyerly disclaimer, please read this **BEFORE SUBMITTING A CONTACT FORM TO US** : We encourage you to contact us for more information on our services. However, you should know that any information you share with us on this contact form is made by you without an expectation of confidentiality. That means you are transmitting this information for us to understand your problem, but we have no legal duty to keep that information confidential. If you would like to discuss sensitive or confidential information with us, then you must call our office and set an in-person consultation (or sometimes we are willing to provide a telephone consultation for people who do not reside in our area). We do not transmit or share your information with anyone else, but we are NOT under a legal duty to keep your information confidential nor are we precluded from representing any related or adverse party to you due only to your submission of information using this contact form. Also, you should have no expectation of creating an attorney-client relationship with us by submitting a contact form. We will be happy to respond to you and let you know the next step in the process. Thank you.   
  
The information provided on our website and in our videos are for general
informational purposes only and does not, and is not intended to, constitute
legal advice. You should consult an attorney for advice about your specific
legal matter.

Site by Consultwebs: Trust and Will Litigation Attorneys

##### Office Hours

×

Manage Cookie Consent

We use cookies to optimize our website and our service.

Functional Functional Always active

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate
purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the
subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission
of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of
storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical
purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for
anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on
the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third
party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually
be used to identify you.

Marketing Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send
advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for
similar marketing purposes.

Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about
these purposes

Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences

{title} {title} {title}

Array

