  * __

  * 126 East 56th Street, Suite 200 New York, NY 10022 | 212-651-3900

![logo-retina](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=MTUwMzozODE=-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgNjAwIDU0IiB3aWR0aD0iNjAwIiBoZWlnaHQ9IjU0IiB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciPjwvc3ZnPg==)![logo-
retina](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=MTUwMzo2MzA=-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgNjAwIDU0IiB3aWR0aD0iNjAwIiBoZWlnaHQ9IjU0IiB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciPjwvc3ZnPg==)![logo-
retina](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=MTUwMzo4Nzk=-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgNjAwIDU0IiB3aWR0aD0iNjAwIiBoZWlnaHQ9IjU0IiB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciPjwvc3ZnPg==)![logo-
retina](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=MTUwMzoxMTM1-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgNjAwIDU0IiB3aWR0aD0iNjAwIiBoZWlnaHQ9IjU0IiB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciPjwvc3ZnPg==)

__

  * About
    * Testimonials
  * Practice Areas
    * Commercial Litigation
    * Intellectual Property Litigation
    * Arbitration And Mediation
    * Appeals
    * Business Transactions and Mergers and Acquisitions
  * Team
    * Philip J. Kessler
    * Richard S. Green
    * Thomas D. Noonan
  * Videos
  * Contact

✕

# About Kessler & Green

From the firm’s interview for the Masters series on ReelLawyers.com.

View Transcript

#### Video Transcript

What makes our firm different is that the three senior lawyers at our firm,
Philip Kessler, Richard Green, and I, all have a long distinguished record of
successfully handling complex matters. When a client retains our firm, they
get one or more of the senior lawyers at reasonable rates. We don't downstream
the matters to less experienced lawyers; that's what really makes our firm
different.

We're a small firm of very senior lawyers, and therefore what clients can
expect to receive from us is hands-on senior involvement in all aspects of the
transaction by the lawyers themselves. We don't delegate down; you have hands-
on involvement. Our philosophy is to bring to every transaction or matter our
experience, our seasoned judgment, our efficiency, creativity, and nimbleness.
Our fundamental philosophy is to treat clients the way we would want to be
treated if we were the client. We have a high level of expectation of
ourselves, and we expect and anticipate that our clients will have that same
level of expectation from us. We are committed to providing responsive,
nimble, efficient service at reasonable rates.

The single most important thing is someone who has real experience in whatever
the subject matter is. You don't want a novice; you want someone who's
intelligent, articulate, clear-thinking, someone you are comfortable talking
to about things that might be difficult to talk about. Someone who doesn't
appear to be judgmental, someone who's open, someone who is a strong shoulder
you can lean on, someone who is trustworthy, someone who you trust, you feel
comfortable with, that person's track record, the way he or she relates to
you, convinces you that he or she has the capacities to do the work that you
need to have done, whatever it is."

## A Preeminent **Team**

We offer sophisticated counsel to businesses of all sizes, and to their
owners. Our litigation and corporate client engagements are led respectively,
by Philip Kessler and Richard Green. We deliver to each client the quality of
work and service that reflect Phil and Dick’s extensive experience.

### Trial Experience That **Matters**

There are great litigators in the United States. Unfortunately, too few
litigators have experience taking a case through trial, particularly as lead
counsel. Without significant trial experience, litigators are hampered in
their ability to create an effective litigation plan and to execute it
effectively through motion practice, discovery, settlement negotiations and
trial. In contrast, Phil’s proven experience and talent in trying difficult
cases to judges and juries, confirmed by the recognition of his peers, ensure
that he is an ideal lead counsel. He is a superb choice to represent our
clients efficiently and effectively from the begining of a case through its
conclusion. Our litigation clients also benefit from Thomas Noonan’s able
support. A capable lawyer in his own right, Tom has worked successfully with
Phil for many years. While Phil and Tom have earned their laurels, they never
rest on them. When the engagement is a complex corporate dispute, Richard
Green also provides invaluable support. While Dick is not a litigator, he has
supported those who are in many engagements over many years. His litigation
sensitivity, coupled with his extensive knowledge of corporate and commercial
law adds great value to many litigation engagements.

When the engagment requires additonal legal assistance, we are well able to
add trusted colleagues from firms in New York, Michigan or in virtually any US
jurisdiction to create the scale that is required while maintaining our
rigorous quality standards.

To learn more about our lawyers’ backgrounds and experience, click below:

#### Philip J. Kessler

Partner

#### Richard S. Green

Partner

#### Thomas D. Noonan

Counsel

### Serving A Wide Range Of Business And Commerical Needs

Richard Green is an exceptional corporate lawyer with extentive experience in
virtually every phase of corporate and commercial law, as his biography
attests. Any business or corporate client can be assured that Dick’s skills
and experiece will bring bring great value to those matters they entrust to
him.

As Dick often supports Phil in complex corporate litigation, Phil often
supports Dick in corporate and business negagements that benefit from Phil’s
strategic advice particularly. Clients who have worked with Phil and Dick as a
team see the synergistic effects their collaborations create.

### Begin The Discussion With Us

We invite you to have a discussion with us regarding your business or
litigation concern. Please call our New York office at **212-651-3900** or
contact us below.

### Request a **Consult**

Name(Required)

Phone(Required)

Email(Required)

Subject(Required)

Message(Required)

Name

This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

![](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=MTY4NDozNDY=-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgNjAwIDUzIiB3aWR0aD0iNjAwIiBoZWlnaHQ9IjUzIiB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciPjwvc3ZnPg==)

  * About
  * Testimonials
  * Videos
  * Contact

212-651-3900

Contact Us

126 East 56th Street, Suite 200 New York, NY 10022

© Copyright Kessler & Green LLP. All Rights Reserved. Site Design By
ReelLawyers.

  * __

__

  * __

