Skip to content

![logo](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/logo.png)

Personal Injury, Wrongful Death and Medical Malpractice Attorneys

__

###  212.751.8000

  * Home
  * About DM
  * PRACTICE AREA
    * Best Medical Malpractice Lawyers NYC
      * Radiology Errors/Failures
      * Hospital Negligence
        * Emergency Room Errors
        * EMT/Paramedic Malpractice
        * Jacobi Medical Center
        * Forest Hills Hospital
        * Medical Malpractice at Harlem Hospital
      * Nursing Home Injuries and Abuse
        * Bedsores
        * Unexpected Falls
      * Anesthesia Injuries
        * Spinal Anesthesia Errors and Allergic Reactions to Local Anesthetic
      * Medication Errors
        * Wrong Medication Dosage
      * Birth Injuries
        * Cerebral Palsy
        * Shoulder Dystocia and Erb’s Palsy
        * Obstetric Negligence
        * Labor Delivery Negligence/Improper Use of Forceps
        * Failure to Perform C-Section
        * Failure to Recognize Fetal Distress
      * Failure to Diagnose
        * Delayed Diagnosis of Cancer
        * Delayed Diagnosis of Breast Cancer
        * Failure to Diagnose Ovarian Cancer
        * Failure to Diagnose Bowel Obstruction
        * Failure to Properly Read X-Rays or Mammograms
        * Appendicitis Misdiagnosis
        * Gynecological Errors
      * Surgical Mistakes
        * Wrong Site Surgery
        * Anesthesia Errors
        * Unnecessary Surgery
      * Surgical Errors
        * Organ Puncture or Perforation
        * Bowel Perforation
        * Spinal Cord Injuries in Surgery
    * Best Personal Injury Lawyers NYC
      * The McDonald’s Hot Cup of Coffee Case
    * Construction Accidents
      * New York Falls From Ladders
      * New York Falling Objects
      * New York Scaffold Accidents
      * Workplace Injuries
    * Product Liability
      * Toxic Torts
      * Mass Torts
    * Premises Liability
      * Injured on Public Property
      * NYC Subway Platform Injuries
      * Trip and Falls due to Broken Sidewalks
      * Inadequate Security
    * Car Accident Lawyers NYC
      * New York Public Transportation Accidents
      * Commercial Trucking Accidents
      * Car Accidents
      * Truck Accidents
      * Motorcycle Accidents
      * Pedestrian Accidents
      * Delivery Bike Accidents
      * Drunk Driving Accidents
      * Fire Truck/Police/Ambulance Accidents
      * Sanitation Worker Injuries
    * Aviation Accidents
    * Maritime and Admiralty Injuries
    * Trial Counsel
  * Attorneys
    * Jay W. Dankner
    * Edward P. Milstein
  * Results
  * Blog
  * Testimonials
  * Contact Us

____ Menu

  * Home
  * About DM
  * PRACTICE AREA
    * Best Medical Malpractice Lawyers NYC
      * Radiology Errors/Failures
      * Hospital Negligence
        * Emergency Room Errors
        * EMT/Paramedic Malpractice
        * Jacobi Medical Center
        * Forest Hills Hospital
        * Medical Malpractice at Harlem Hospital
      * Nursing Home Injuries and Abuse
        * Bedsores
        * Unexpected Falls
      * Anesthesia Injuries
        * Spinal Anesthesia Errors and Allergic Reactions to Local Anesthetic
      * Medication Errors
        * Wrong Medication Dosage
      * Birth Injuries
        * Cerebral Palsy
        * Shoulder Dystocia and Erb’s Palsy
        * Obstetric Negligence
        * Labor Delivery Negligence/Improper Use of Forceps
        * Failure to Perform C-Section
        * Failure to Recognize Fetal Distress
      * Failure to Diagnose
        * Delayed Diagnosis of Cancer
        * Delayed Diagnosis of Breast Cancer
        * Failure to Diagnose Ovarian Cancer
        * Failure to Diagnose Bowel Obstruction
        * Failure to Properly Read X-Rays or Mammograms
        * Appendicitis Misdiagnosis
        * Gynecological Errors
      * Surgical Mistakes
        * Wrong Site Surgery
        * Anesthesia Errors
        * Unnecessary Surgery
      * Surgical Errors
        * Organ Puncture or Perforation
        * Bowel Perforation
        * Spinal Cord Injuries in Surgery
    * Best Personal Injury Lawyers NYC
      * The McDonald’s Hot Cup of Coffee Case
    * Construction Accidents
      * New York Falls From Ladders
      * New York Falling Objects
      * New York Scaffold Accidents
      * Workplace Injuries
    * Product Liability
      * Toxic Torts
      * Mass Torts
    * Premises Liability
      * Injured on Public Property
      * NYC Subway Platform Injuries
      * Trip and Falls due to Broken Sidewalks
      * Inadequate Security
    * Car Accident Lawyers NYC
      * New York Public Transportation Accidents
      * Commercial Trucking Accidents
      * Car Accidents
      * Truck Accidents
      * Motorcycle Accidents
      * Pedestrian Accidents
      * Delivery Bike Accidents
      * Drunk Driving Accidents
      * Fire Truck/Police/Ambulance Accidents
      * Sanitation Worker Injuries
    * Aviation Accidents
    * Maritime and Admiralty Injuries
    * Trial Counsel
  * Attorneys
    * Jay W. Dankner
    * Edward P. Milstein
  * Results
  * Blog
  * Testimonials
  * Contact Us

## Our

## Attorneys

## Find Out More About the New York Malpractice and Injury Lawyers of Dankner
Milstein, P.C.

At Dankner Milstein, P.C., our New York attorneys have dedicated their careers
to helping people who have been severely injured due to motor vehicle
accidents, defective products, medical malpractice and other negligence from
third parties. Our partners Jay Dankner, Edward Milstein have earned numerous
awards over their careers reflecting our commitment, our tenacity and our
skill. For instance, each of our partners has been repeatedly named to New
York Super Lawyers numerous times over the past several years. Although we
take pride in achieving recognition from our colleagues, we take far greater
pride in achieving positive outcomes for our clients. Over our firm’s history,
our attorneys have recovered more than half a billion dollars for our clients
and more than 150 verdicts or settlements of $1 million or more. Most of our
clients require substantial financial resources in the wake of life-changing
injuries. We take great pride in helping our clients obtain the compensation
they need.

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/07/img4.jpg)

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/07/lawyer1.jpg)

### Jay W. Dankner

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/07/Lawyer2.jpg)

### Edward P. Milstein

It costs nothing to speak with a member of our law firm about your case. We
take all medical malpractice and personal injury claims on a no recovery, no
fee basis. Call 212.751.8000 or complete our contact form to get started.

**Se habla español.**

## Contact Us Today  
Free Initial Consultation

First Name

Last Name

Email

Phone Number

How Can We Help?

Check

By providing your phone number, you agree to receive text messages from
Gersowitz Libo & Korek. Message and data rates may apply. Message frequency
varies.

Submit

First Name

Last Name

Email

Phone Number

How Can We Help?

Untitled

By providing your phone number, you agree to receive text messages from
Gersowitz Libo & Korek. Message and data rates may apply. Message frequency
varies.

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/award-logo.png)

  * Home
  * About DM
  * PRACTICE AREA
    * Best Medical Malpractice Lawyers NYC
      * Radiology Errors/Failures
      * Hospital Negligence
        * Emergency Room Errors
        * EMT/Paramedic Malpractice
        * Jacobi Medical Center
        * Forest Hills Hospital
        * Medical Malpractice at Harlem Hospital
      * Nursing Home Injuries and Abuse
        * Bedsores
        * Unexpected Falls
      * Anesthesia Injuries
        * Spinal Anesthesia Errors and Allergic Reactions to Local Anesthetic
      * Medication Errors
        * Wrong Medication Dosage
      * Birth Injuries
        * Cerebral Palsy
        * Shoulder Dystocia and Erb’s Palsy
        * Obstetric Negligence
        * Labor Delivery Negligence/Improper Use of Forceps
        * Failure to Perform C-Section
        * Failure to Recognize Fetal Distress
      * Failure to Diagnose
        * Delayed Diagnosis of Cancer
        * Delayed Diagnosis of Breast Cancer
        * Failure to Diagnose Ovarian Cancer
        * Failure to Diagnose Bowel Obstruction
        * Failure to Properly Read X-Rays or Mammograms
        * Appendicitis Misdiagnosis
        * Gynecological Errors
      * Surgical Mistakes
        * Wrong Site Surgery
        * Anesthesia Errors
        * Unnecessary Surgery
      * Surgical Errors
        * Organ Puncture or Perforation
        * Bowel Perforation
        * Spinal Cord Injuries in Surgery
    * Best Personal Injury Lawyers NYC
      * The McDonald’s Hot Cup of Coffee Case
    * Construction Accidents
      * New York Falls From Ladders
      * New York Falling Objects
      * New York Scaffold Accidents
      * Workplace Injuries
    * Product Liability
      * Toxic Torts
      * Mass Torts
    * Premises Liability
      * Injured on Public Property
      * NYC Subway Platform Injuries
      * Trip and Falls due to Broken Sidewalks
      * Inadequate Security
    * Car Accident Lawyers NYC
      * New York Public Transportation Accidents
      * Commercial Trucking Accidents
      * Car Accidents
      * Truck Accidents
      * Motorcycle Accidents
      * Pedestrian Accidents
      * Delivery Bike Accidents
      * Drunk Driving Accidents
      * Fire Truck/Police/Ambulance Accidents
      * Sanitation Worker Injuries
    * Aviation Accidents
    * Maritime and Admiralty Injuries
    * Trial Counsel
  * Attorneys
    * Jay W. Dankner
    * Edward P. Milstein
  * Results
  * Blog
  * Testimonials
  * Contact Us

  * Home
  * About DM
  * PRACTICE AREA
    * Best Medical Malpractice Lawyers NYC
      * Radiology Errors/Failures
      * Hospital Negligence
        * Emergency Room Errors
        * EMT/Paramedic Malpractice
        * Jacobi Medical Center
        * Forest Hills Hospital
        * Medical Malpractice at Harlem Hospital
      * Nursing Home Injuries and Abuse
        * Bedsores
        * Unexpected Falls
      * Anesthesia Injuries
        * Spinal Anesthesia Errors and Allergic Reactions to Local Anesthetic
      * Medication Errors
        * Wrong Medication Dosage
      * Birth Injuries
        * Cerebral Palsy
        * Shoulder Dystocia and Erb’s Palsy
        * Obstetric Negligence
        * Labor Delivery Negligence/Improper Use of Forceps
        * Failure to Perform C-Section
        * Failure to Recognize Fetal Distress
      * Failure to Diagnose
        * Delayed Diagnosis of Cancer
        * Delayed Diagnosis of Breast Cancer
        * Failure to Diagnose Ovarian Cancer
        * Failure to Diagnose Bowel Obstruction
        * Failure to Properly Read X-Rays or Mammograms
        * Appendicitis Misdiagnosis
        * Gynecological Errors
      * Surgical Mistakes
        * Wrong Site Surgery
        * Anesthesia Errors
        * Unnecessary Surgery
      * Surgical Errors
        * Organ Puncture or Perforation
        * Bowel Perforation
        * Spinal Cord Injuries in Surgery
    * Best Personal Injury Lawyers NYC
      * The McDonald’s Hot Cup of Coffee Case
    * Construction Accidents
      * New York Falls From Ladders
      * New York Falling Objects
      * New York Scaffold Accidents
      * Workplace Injuries
    * Product Liability
      * Toxic Torts
      * Mass Torts
    * Premises Liability
      * Injured on Public Property
      * NYC Subway Platform Injuries
      * Trip and Falls due to Broken Sidewalks
      * Inadequate Security
    * Car Accident Lawyers NYC
      * New York Public Transportation Accidents
      * Commercial Trucking Accidents
      * Car Accidents
      * Truck Accidents
      * Motorcycle Accidents
      * Pedestrian Accidents
      * Delivery Bike Accidents
      * Drunk Driving Accidents
      * Fire Truck/Police/Ambulance Accidents
      * Sanitation Worker Injuries
    * Aviation Accidents
    * Maritime and Admiralty Injuries
    * Trial Counsel
  * Attorneys
    * Jay W. Dankner
    * Edward P. Milstein
  * Results
  * Blog
  * Testimonials
  * Contact Us

## Social Porfiles

Facebook-f __ Twitter __ Linkedin __ Google-plus-g __

## NEW YORK

61 Broadway - Suite 2824  
New York, NY 10006  
Call Now!: 212.751.8000  
Fax: 212-751-8091  
New York Law Office

Dankner & Milstein P.C. is Of Counsel at Gersowitz Libo & Korek P.C. , Our
Malpractice and injury lawyers have offices in New York City, New Jersey and
Long Island. We represent clients throughout the region in places such as
Manhattan, Brooklyn, the Bronx, Queens, Staten Island, Long Island, Garden
City, Englewood, Nassau County, Suffolk County, Westchester County, Kings
County, Bronx County, Richmond County and Queens County.

© 2023 by Dankner Milstein, P.C. All rights reserved. Disclaimer | Site Map |
Privacy Policy

Scroll to Top

