  * Home
  * Our Firm
  * Our Team

    * Kevin M. Forde
    * Michael K. Forde
    * Ellen M. Carey
    * Joanne Rouzan Driscoll – Of Counsel
    * Kevin R. Malloy
    * Brian P. O’Meara
    * John D. Ransford
    * Michael Ruemmler
    * Lisa J. Saul
  * Practice Areas

    * Appeals
    * Banking and Finance Litigation
    * Class Actions
    * Commercial Litigation
    * Real Estate Litigation
    * Government Affairs
    * Licensing
    * Real Estate Transactions
  * Notable Cases
  * News
  * Contact

  * Home
  * Our Firm
  * Our Team
    * Kevin M. Forde
    * Michael K. Forde
    * Ellen M. Carey
    * Joanne Rouzan Driscoll – Of Counsel
    * Kevin R. Malloy
    * Brian P. O’Meara
    * John D. Ransford
    * Michael Ruemmler
    * Lisa J. Saul
  * Practice Areas
    * Appeals
    * Banking and Finance Litigation
    * Class Actions
    * Commercial Litigation
    * Real Estate Litigation
    * Government Affairs
    * Licensing
    * Real Estate Transactions
  * Notable Cases
  * News
  * Contact

# Our Firm

Our lawyers have been lead counsel or co-counsel in some of the most important
cases in Illinois. We are a boutique law firm that focuses its practice on
commercial litigation, including appeals, real estate, and government affairs.
We represent major corporations, partnerships, individuals and some of the
leading lawyers and law firms in Chicago. We are consistently rated a top-tier
national and local commercial litigation and appellate firm. Virtually all of
our engagements come to us through referral or recommendation by other lawyers
or law firms.

Our firm successfully represented then-candidate and former White House Chief
of Staff, Rahm Emanuel, when his residency and right to seek the Office of
Mayor was challenged. The case was ultimately decided by the Supreme Court of
Illinois. We, along with two major Chicago law firms, represented Philip
Morris in the Supreme Court of Illinois in its successful appeal of a record
$10 billion judgment entered against Philip Morris.

We represented the Chicago Board of Trade in litigation between groups of
members allowing CBOT to demutualize. The firm also played a major role in the
historic merger of CBOT with the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, and then
represented CBOT and its members in their lawsuit against the CBOE, which
resulted in a $1 billion settlement for CBOT’s members. We have represented
some of the largest Chicago companies in defending shareholder derivative
actions, and have defended corporate officers and directors in cases brought
by the Securities and Exchange Commission and in private actions. We have
represented plaintiffs and defendants in substantial products liability cases.
We have represented, in several different cases, the Federal Judges
Association, the Illinois Judges Association, and the President of the
Illinois Senate and Speaker of the Illinois House in obtaining salaries
unconstitutionally withheld by the executive and/or legislative branches of
federal and state government.

Our principals are Kevin M. Forde, Michael K. Forde, and Brian P. O'Meara.
Kevin Forde is a former president of the Chicago Bar Association and an
elected Fellow in the American College of Trial Lawyers, the International
Academy of Trials Lawyers, and the American Academy of Appellate Lawyers. He
has been selected, by peer vote, to the Best Lawyers in America. More detailed
biographical information regarding Kevin Forde can be found HERE.

Before founding Forde & O'Meara, Michael K. Forde was a member of the
litigation group at Mayer Brown LLP for 13 years, including seven years as a
partner, and was a co-chair of that firm’s Commercial Litigation practice
group. He has been listed in the Best Lawyers in America for six years. He is
a member of the Board of the Illinois Sports Facilities Authority and
previously served as the Chairman of the Illinois International Port District.
More detailed biographical information regarding Michael Forde can be found
HERE.

Brian P. O'Meara was a partner at McGuireWoods LLP. He had been listed as an
Illinois Super Lawyer for four years and is a member of the Chicago Bar
Association, the Illinois State Bar Association, and the Federal Bar
Association. More detailed biographical information for Brian O'Meara can be
found HERE.

The Fordes have been the subject of articles in Leading Lawyers magazine,
including:

  * Kevin Forde and Michael Forde: Fathers Practicing with Sons, Law Day 2015 Edition
  * The Fordes: A Legacy of Litigators, Business Edition, Fall 2010

References from individual and corporate clients are available upon request.
Please feel free to contact any of our lawyers for further information about
our practice.

191 North Wacker Drive, 31st Floor  
Chicago, Illinois 60606

© 2021 Forde & O'Meara LLP | Digital Marketing by

Contact Us | Privacy Policy

 __

Forde& O'Meara LLP

 __

  * Our Firm
  * Our Team __ __
    * Kevin M. Forde
    * Michael K. Forde
    * Ellen M. Carey
    * Joanne Rouzan Driscoll – Of Counsel
    * Brian P. O’Meara
    * Kevin R. Malloy
    * Michael Ruemmler
    * Lisa J. Saul
    *  __Back
  * Practice Areas __ __
    * Appeals
    * Banking and Finance Litigation
    * Class Actions
    * Commercial Litigation
    * Government Affairs
    * Licensing
    * Real Estate Litigation
    * Real Estate Transactions
    *  __Back
  * Notable Cases & Engagements __ __
    * Litigation Matters
    * Government Affairs Matters
    *  __Back
  * News
  * Contact

