######  __(815) 356-8000

__

  * __Home
  * __About Us
  * __Legal Services

    * __Divorce
    * __Real Estate Law
    * __Estate & Probate Law
    * __Litigation
    * __Business Law
    * __Employment Law
    * __Family Law Attorney
    * __Foreclosure Attorney
    * __Woodstock, IL

  * __FAQ
  * __Contact Us

  * Home __ __
  * About Us __ __
  * Legal Services __ __
    * Divorce __ __
    * Real Estate Law __ __
    * Estate & Probate Law __ __
    * Litigation __ __
    * Business Law __ __
    * Employment Law __ __
    * Family Law Attorney __ __
    * Foreclosure Attorney __ __
    * Woodstock, IL __ __
  * FAQ __ __
  * Contact Us __ __

__

# Legal Services

Home > Legal Services

### There Are Solutions

###### Together We'll Find the Right Option for You

__

## Divorce

If you are in need of Divorce / Family related services, please visit us here  
  
Learn more

## Real Estate

If you are in need of Real Estate related services, please visit us here  
  
Learn more

## Estate & Probate

If you are in need of Estate / Probate related services, please visit us here  
  
Learn more

## Litigation

In need of Commercial Litigation related services, please visit us here.  
  
Learn more

## Business Law

If you are in need of Corporate / Business related services, please visit us
here  
  
Learn more

## Employment Law

If you are in need of Employment related services, please visit us here  
  
Learn more

### WHY CHOOSE US

If you‚Äôre in a situation and are needing legal advice, we want to help you. We
work with clients all over the Chicagoland area. We have over 50 years of
combined experience helping residents and businesses with a myriad of
different issues. At Melei Petsche Spencer, we are committed to assisting you
in resolving your legal issues, representing your case in a way that increases
your chances of success. Contact us today to learn more.

  

## Top Chicagoland Attorneys

For three decades, the team at Melei Petsche Spencer has been assisting
clients in handling family law, estate, real estate and business matters, as
well as assisting in resolving commercial disputes for our client base. We
pride ourselves in offering goal-oriented solutions and advice thanks to our
commitment to truly understanding our clients and their situations.
Communication is at the heart of any successful case, and our expertise in a
range of practice areas including healthcare, insurance, real estate and
manufacturing offers our customers value.

We aggressively and effectively represent our clients thanks to our
dedication, education and experience. For more information about how the
attorneys at Melei Petsche Spencer can help you, contact us today for more
information. We look forward to working with you and representing your case.

### MEET OUR AWARD-WINNING ATTORNEYS

__

###### SAMUEL S. MELEI

###### WILLIAM P. PETSCHE

###### THOMAS B. SPENCER IV

###### SHAINA S. KALANGES

#### Get to Know Our Award-Winning Attorneys

#### Why Choose Our Team?

__

######  Client Oriented Approach

Let us handle the complex legal aspects of your case so that you have more
time to focus on what is more important to you.

__

######  Community Oriented

At MPS, we advocate for residents across Kane, McHenry and other areas across
Chicagoland.

__

######  Experience Matters

We have over five decades of courtroom experience, having represented clients
on both sides of the courtroom.

__

######  Outstanding Client Satisfaction

For exceptional and effective results-oriented representation, our team takes
pride in being the trusted choice for clients.

__

######  MILLIONS IN RECOVERIES

Our legal team has extensive trial experience and a proven track record of
success.

**Excellent**

Based on **17 reviews**

Stephanie Pilat

July 30, 2023.

Robbie, Sam, Will, and Andrew all helped us out along the way as we were
closing on our home! Andrew walked us through every document we signed at
closing and provided us with a thorough explanation of what we were signing.
This was especially helpful as a first time homebuyer.

Justin Synowiec

May 20, 2023.

Will was a great help with setting up my business properly. Make sure we are
protected. I highly recommend!

Justin Hamilton

May 17, 2023.

We initially had a consultation to discuss matters in relation to our
business. After further rapport & the advice I was given, I knew going forward
this was who I needed to hire to resolve some matters I had. If your looking a
quality attorney. Look no further these are your peopleüëç

Cy Nick

September 22, 2022.

I had a small claims court case against a garbage truck company for property
damage. I had never been involved as a defendant or plaintiff in a lawsuit
before, so I was extremely out of my element. On top of that, with the nature
of it being small claims, it didn't make sense to outright hire an attorney to
represent me and handle it on my behalf. However Will Petsche was able to give
me a consultation to guide me through the process of how everything worked,
what to expect, and how to navigate obstacles. I ended up winning my case, and
it was in no small thanks to Will's expertise, guidance, and general sense of
sense of compassion for the "little guy" vs a billion dollar company.
Hopefully I'm not in a position like this again, but if I am, I will
definitely retain his services and will recommend him to all friends and
family.

Jeff Garibay

June 27, 2019.

We hired William to create a legal document. He went above and beyond. Not
only did he quickly produce the document, we made sure he communicated during
the entire process. I highly recommend him.

Bridget F.

April 20, 2019.

Tom is great, got things done quickly!

Jane Kantor

March 12, 2019.

RMPS has my greatest faith in legal matters. They're experienced, reliable and
empathetic. My husband and I have had RMPS close on three homes, complete all
our estate planning and offer great advice on family matters. Thanks, RMPS!

##### DON'T WAIT ‚Äî CONTACT US FOR YOUR FREE CONSULTATION!

Contact Us

##### Crystal Lake

 __

454 W Virginia St #100, Crystal Lake, IL 60014

##### St. Charles

 __

100 Illinois St Suite 200, St. Charles, IL 60174

##### Woodstock

 __

134 Cass Street, Unit 2C Woodstock, IL 60098

##### Wisconsin

 __

621 S 8th St, Sheboygan, WI 53081

### **(815) 356-8000**

##### Melei | Petsche | Spencer Attorneys

¬© 2024 Melei Petsche Spencer. All Rights Reserved. | Sitemap

