Menu **Call Toll Free** (800) 598-5017   * Home  * About    * About Our Firm    * Video Center    * Blog  * Our Team    * Steven C. Dawson    * Anita Rosenthal    * Sander R. Dawson    * Aaron Dawson    * View All +  * Practice Areas    * Insurance Law & Bad Faith    * Personal Injury & Catastrophic Accidents    * San Diego Insurance Law & Bad Faith    * View All +  * Client Stories  * Case Results  * Contact# Our TeamDawson & Rosenthal, P.C., is led by Steven C. Dawson and Anita Rosenthal, attorneys whose comfort in trial proceedings have helped individuals throughout Arizona and San Diego in challenging insurance bad faith cases. We view insurance bad faith representation as an opportunity to hold companies accountable for corporate policies that are designed to save the company money at the expense of the policyholder. People who file claims are going up against insurance companies that have vast legal and financial resources to protect their best interests, making them vulnerable as the underdogs in a claim, at a time when they need help the most. We aim to level the playing field, restore balance and help our clients recover the compensation their policies entitle them to.Together, Steven Dawson and Anita Rosenthal have more than 50 years of combined experience, with a distinguished career history in complex insurance cases as well as trials outside of insurance bad faith. To find out more about our lawyers' remarkable career history, click on the links below. We can also be reached online or by telephone at (800) 598-5017. We have law offices in San Diego, California and Sedona, Arizona.### Steven C. DawsonAttorney### Anita RosenthalAttorney### Sander R. DawsonAttorney### Aaron DawsonAttorney### Sheri SadlerLitigation Paralegal### Viki RalstonLitigation Assistant/Office Administrator### Brendan HughesAttorney### Vanessa AlbertAttorney### Alexandra DawsonAttorney### Get Started NowRequired *  * Name*  * Phone*  * Email*  * Zip Code  * Type of Case*Type of CaseInsurancePersonal InjuryOther  * Type of Policy*Type of PolicyIndividual PolicyGroup or Employer PolicyOther  * Type of Claim*Type of ClaimDisabilityWorker's CompAutoHomeLong Term CareHealthLifeOther  * Type of Employment*Type of EmploymentSelf-employedGovernmental EntityReligious organizationOther  * Insurance Provider?  * Message*  *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   * EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.  *   * EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.SendContact us today. Do not hesitate to work with an experienced lawyer at our firm to get guidance you need in this complex process. We have two convenient locations in Sedona, AZ and San Diego, CA.##### Toll Free(800) 598-5017 ##### Sedona25 Schnebly Hill Rd.  Sedona, AZ 86336 (928) 282-3111 Map##### San Diego402 W Broadway, Suite 2200  San Diego, CA 92101 (619) 354-1652 Map##### Phoenix326 E. Coronado Road, Suite 105  Phoenix, AZ 85004 (928) 282-3111 Map(C) 2024 Dawson & Rosenthal, P.C.   All rights reserved.  * Disclaimer  * Privacy Policy  * __  * __  * __  * __