No Fee Unless We Win - Free Case Review

  * Legal Blog
  * Areas Served
    * Bronx
    * Brooklyn
    * Queens

Search for:  ENG  |  ESP

![Hecht, Kleeger & Damashek logo.](https://lawyer1.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/04/header-logo.svg)

  * About The Firm
    * Jordan Hecht
    * Judd Kleeger
    * Jonathan Damashek
    * Noah S. Reiss
    * Neal Bass
    * Michael Rudick
    * Eric Goldman
    * Andrea V. Borden
    * About Our Law Firm
  * Practice Areas
    * Accident
      * Construction Accidents
      * Car Accidents
      * Truck Accidents
      * Bicycle Accidents
      * Medical Malpractice
      * Pedestrian Accidents
      * Train Accidents
    * Injury
      * Brain Injuries
      * Broken Bones
      * Burn Injuries
      * Child Injuries
      * Work Injuries
      * MTA Injury Claims
    * Liability
      * Municipal Liability
      * Premises Liability
      * Product Liability
    * Death
      * Wrongful Death
    * All Practice Areas
      * View All Cases We Handle
  * Reviews
  * Our Results
  * Contact

* * *

* * *

* * *

  * About
    * Jordan Hecht
    * Judd Kleeger
    * Jonathan Damashek
    * Noah S. Reiss
    * Neal Bass
    * Michael Rudick
    * Eric Goldman
    * About Our Law Firm
  * Practice Areas
    * Construction Accidents
    * Car Accidents
    * MTA Injury Claims
    * Municipal Liability
    * Falling Object Accidents
    * Truck Accidents
    * Pedestrian Accident
    * Bicycle Accident
    * Brain Injuries
    * Child Injuries
    * Premises Liability
    * Slip and Fall Accidents
    * Product Liability
    * Scaffold Accidents
    * Work Injuries
    * Wrongful Death
    * View All Cases We Handle
  * Reviews
  * Case Results
  * Areas We Serve
    * Bronx
    * Brooklyn
    * Queens
  * Legal Blog
  * Contact

Home » Testimonials

# Testimonials

Free Case Review / 212-490-5700



$750+ Million Recovered for our Clients

View Our Results

We Are Committed to Providing Superior Service as Personal Injury Attorneys

Our level of service is what has made the difference in your results. When we
say that we do whatever it takes, we mean that we will investigate, compile
the evidence, and fight for you until you get the maximum compensation
possible. We also understand that this is a difficult time for you, but our
firm wants to alleviate the headache by giving you confidence.

View Our Case Results

"

I have had two cases with Hecht, Kleeger & Damashek and have had great
results! I have netted over seven figures and would recommend the firm anyone
who has been injured in a slip and fall or auto accident.

Francisco Bryan

![Google Reviews](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-logo-
white.png)

"

When I spoke to Mr.Noah Reiss he gave me valuable legal advice. Connected the
dots who and why. He is a great asset to this firm. Will call him again as a
friend. Thank you so much.

Harendra Gautam

![Google Reviews](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-logo-
white.png)

"

Ross Raggio, did an amazing job on my case. The office staff was responsive
and very helpful to my questions and concerns. I had a very good experience. I
highly recommend this firm.

patricia Carnevale

![Google Reviews](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-logo-
white.png)

"

I had a great lawyer with a great Paralegal that made everything easy to
understand.

Deniece Buffaloe

![Google Reviews](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-logo-
white.png)

"

Jonathan is incredible in the results, I recommend to all construction
workers, incredible results.

ro mejia

![Google Reviews](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-logo-
white.png)

"

I am extremely satisfied and pleased most of all grateful for the services of
Jonathan and his team! It is such a relief to have a strong team supporting
you through a process that’s stressful. Thank you again for everything.

thabossladi87

![Google Reviews](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-logo-
white.png)

"

I was in a very serious construction accident where I hurt my knee. I met with
few lawyers including Jordan Hecht at Hecht, Kleeger & Damashek and I knew
right away he was the one. Over the next few years Jordan and the team at HKD
fought tirelessly for me and helped me with everything including my workers
compensation and disability claims. When the insurance company wouldn’t make a
reasonable offer we went to trial and that’s were I saw the true talent of
Jordan Hecht. He is an amazing trial attorney and won a multi million dollar
recovery for me. I can’t say enough good things about Hecht, Kleeger &
Damashek, they are simply amazing.

Gail Ulrich

![Google Reviews](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-logo-
white.png)

"

Hetch,Kleeger & Damashek, P.C., is the law office I highly recommend. My
attorney Judd Kleeger, accomplished to represent me, support my needs & secure
my future after suffering a traumatic accident. Other lawyers couldn’t
guarantee this to me but Judd Kleeger is the man for this. I’m well & I am
thankful for his abilities .

Stephanie Campos

![Google Reviews](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-logo-
white.png)

"

I can say without hesitation that if you are injured due to someone else’s
fault, that no one will fight harder and more passionately for you than Jordan
Hecht and Judd Kleeger. I have worked side by side with them and have seen
both Jordan and Judd firsthand in a court room and I pity their adversaries!
Since my injury practice is in Connecticut now, I have referred numerous NY
injury clients to them, including family, who felt completely taken care of
and informed throughout every step of the litigation process. Their energy and
persistence are relentless which translates each time to an incredibly
successful result.

lisa kessler

![Google Reviews](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-logo-
white.png)

#### Posts navigation

  * 1
  * …
  * 6
  * 

About the Firm

## Contact us today for a free case review.

P 212-490-5700

  * Free Case Review
  * No Up-front Costs
  * Pay Nothing Unless You Recover
  * Secure the Highest Possible Award

"*" indicates required fields

First Name*

Last Name*

Phone Number*

Email Address*

Tell Us About Your Case

Comments

This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

Δ

![Logo](/wp-content/uploads/2019/09/header-img-2x.png)

Phone: 212-490-5700

Email: info@lawyer1.com

  * __
  * __
  * __

Hecht, Kleeger & Damashek, P.C.

19 West 44th Street, Suite 1500 New York, New York 10036-0120

Directions

NAVIGATION

  * About Us
  * Practice Areas
  * Legal Blog
  * Personal Injury Laws
  * Areas Served
  * Contact
  * Sitemap

ABOUT THE FIRM

With decades of experience and hundreds of millions of dollars recovered, if
you or a loved one is suffering, Hecht, Kleeger & Damashek, P.C. is ready to
help. We can meet by appointment at our New York office, at home, or in the
hospital. An attorney at our firm is available to assist you 24 hours a day,
and seven days a week.

(C) 2024 Hecht Kleeger & Damashek, P.C. - All Rights Reserved | This website
contains Attorney Advertising. Prior results do not guarantee a similar
outcome.  Disclaimer

