  * Home
  * About
    * Our Firm
    * News & Updates
    * Video Center
  * Attorneys
    * Don D. Sessions
    * Stephen C. Kimball
    * Heidi L. De Groot
    * Larry E. Herrera
    * Samuel P. Nielson
    * View All+
  * Practice Areas
    * Employment Law
    * Gender & Orientation Discrimination
    * Sexual Harassment
    * Workplace Discrimination
    * Wrongful Termination
    * View All +
  * Serving
    * Irvine
    * Los Angeles
    * Mission Viejo
    * Newport Beach
    * Orange County
    * Riverside
    * Santa Ana
  * Results
    * Case Results
    * Testimonials
  * Contact

(949) 380-0900  No win no fee  Free Consultation

Menu

Effectively and aggressively serving our clients. Watch the video to learn
more.

Exclusively employee rights since 1985  Nearly 200 years combined experience
Orange County’s most experienced _employment rights_ law firm

Free Case Consultation

Leadership We are leaders in the  
legal industry, not just  
members of it

Our attorneys have served and are currently serving as Chairs for the OC Bar
Association Labor & Employment Section.

Exclusive We are Orange County's  
largest law firm exclusively  
representing employees

Founding Partner Don Sessions started only representing employees in 1985,
decades before other Orange County attorneys did.

Trust Clients receive the  
expertise of our entire firm  
because we approach  
our cases collaboratively

Other attorneys in the industry refer their friends and family members to us
because we can deliver results.

Empathy We will never charge  
you a fee unless we win

When you call, one of our attorneys will speak with you and evaluate your
rights. We don’t leave the discussion to the receptionist or any other non-
attorney.

# Orange County Employment Lawyers

Sessions and Kimball is Orange County’s oldest and largest employee rights law
firm. We have been practicing employee rights since 1985 and have grown
significantly along the way.

Areas of Practice

  * Age Discrimination
  * Disability Harassment
  * Gender & Orientation Discrimination
  * Overtime
  * Retaliation
  * Sexual Harassment
  * Unpaid Wages

View All Practice Areas

We only represent employees in wrongful employment practices. That is the only
type of case we handle! So whether your dispute involves discrimination,
harassment, retaliation, unpaid wages, wrongful termination, or any other
workplace wrong, we have the experience and resources to effectively and
aggressively represent you. We are Southern California’s premier law firm
exclusively devoted to employee rights. Speak with one of our attorneys today
to learn your rights and how we can help you. Contact us today for a free
consultation.

## What Sets Us Apart

We have been handling employee rights cases for literally decades. When you
contact Sessions & Kimball, we collaborate as a firm so you’re never just
hiring one attorney. You will receive the knowledge and experience of multiple
opinions from all of the attorneys in the firm. We always call you back, and
we treat every client the way we would want our own family members to be
treated. We are known for our dedication and our passion for dealing with
employee rights. We want to help change what might be your negative experience
into a positive one by listening, helping, and getting you the justice you
deserve.

Verdicts and Settlements

Over $200 Million Obtained for Our Clients

Overtime $3,300,000

Class-action settlement recovering years of unpaid overtime for dozens of
employees of a national insurance broker.

Whistleblower Retaliation $1,500,000

Recovery for an employee who alleged fraudulent billing by a government
contractor.

Age Discrimination $1,071,000

Binding arbitration award for an assistant sales manager who was forced out of
his position at an auto dealership because of his age (over 70) and
disability.

Whistleblower Retalition $1,000,000

Settlement for a CFO who was fired for opposing the company’s violating
various securities regulations.

Disability Discrimination $1,000,000

Settlement for a long-term sales director terminated after needing disability
accommodation

Sexual Harrassment $700,000

Settlement for a secretary sexually harassed by a chief financial officer.

Retaliation for Opposing Harassment $525,000

Binding arbitration award for a high-performing employee who was fired after
complaining to management about the harassment of an older, disabled co-
worker.

Overtime Misclassification $510,000

Verdict for a hospital employee whose actual job duties were not exempt from
overtime compensation

View All

What our clients say

Steve Kimball fully explained to me the process to where I understood what to
expect and there were no surprises. Very professionally executed. Steve, it
was fortunate for me when I located you and your law firm. Your services
provided the remedy I was in search of. It was an extreme pleasure to have you
represent me.

Philip C.

Heidi is extremely articulate. She argued every point with case history, facts
and pure documented truth. Heidi really does her homework. I am a
perfectionist, so I more than appreciated all of the detailed effort. Heidi
did more than her job. I would recommend Heidi and use your services again in
a heart beat.

Lisa H.

Everything went along smoothly without too many difficulties. Straight forward
conversations with Don. Don – Thank you for all the help. I trusted you to
lead me in the right direction, and I am pleased with the results.

Lisa B.

Sam was very easy to work with. He always answered our calls or called back
asap. Everything went as they said it would. We were always able to reach Sam
or he promptly called us back. Very nice and everything went very smooth.
Thank you, Sam, it was a pleasure.

Ronald P.

I felt that everyone did an outstanding job. Larry kept me informed at every
point along the way. I am completely satisfied that everyone did what they can
to resolve this issue with the best outcome.

Client Review

No one but Nicole Nguyen could have handled my case with such passion, care
and concern. From the minute I met her, I knew I was in great hands and that
she would fight for me. Her depth of knowledge in employment law was not only
impressive, but she gave me a sense of peace.

A. Thomas

Civil rights are at the core of who we are. We deliberately champion employee
rights to secure justice for our clients, educate workers about wrongful
workplaces, and set a standard in the community for a better society. In
short, we believe that everyone benefits when an employee holds an employer
accountable. And we help employees do just that.

We are leaders and pioneers in employment law. Founding partner Don Sessions
started only representing employees in the 1980s, decades before other Orange
County attorneys did so. From discrimination to harassment to unpaid wages and
more, there’s not a single type of employment case that we can’t handle for
you.

Our attorneys have taught ten different law school and university courses as
well as authored around 1,000 published newspaper and magazine articles. We
always consider your best interest when we take your case. And we give our all
to get you the best possible result. If we can’t reach a settlement with your
past employer that is acceptable to you, we’re never afraid to go to trial.
When that happens, we have the experience and resources to do things the right
way.

## Common Types Of Cases We Handle

We handle all types of employment law cases for employees, but the following
are some of the most common:

  * Wrongful Termination
  * Workplace Discrimination
  * Sexual Harassment
  * Unpaid Overtime
  * Retaliation
  * Unpaid Wages
  * Leaves of Absence
  * Whistleblower Cases

## We Will Do Everything We Can To Help You

Every attorney at Sessions & Kimball is dedicated to helping you – we don’t do
this for just the money. We take all our cases on a contingency fee basis, so
you’ll never pay us fees upfront or out of your pocket. More than 99% of our
cases resolve before they ever go to trial, and well over half resolve without
even having to file a lawsuit, which saves you time, stress, and money. We
have won more than 200 million dollars for our clients over the years.
Opposing attorneys, judges, and former clients all refer friends and family to
us because of our confidence, compassion, commitment, reputation, and success.
We will make sure we do everything in our power to get you the best recovery
in the best way for you—individually. Speak with one of our attorneys to see
how we can help vindicate your rights. Contact us today to schedule your free
consultation.

Meet Our Attorneys

Don D. Sessions

Stephen C. Kimball

Heidi L. De Groot

Samuel P. Nielson

Larry E. Herrera

Bruce G. Lee

Don D. Sessions Founding and Managing Partner

Watch attorney video to learn more

View Profile

Stephen C. Kimball Founding Partner

Watch attorney video to learn more

View Profile

Heidi L. De Groot Partner

Watch attorney video to learn more

View Profile

Samuel P. Nielson Partner

Watch attorney video to learn more

View Profile

Larry E. Herrera Partner

Watch attorney video to learn more

View Profile

Bruce G. Lee Senior Counsel

Watch attorney video to learn more

View Profile

Don D. Sessions Founding and Managing Partner Stephen C. Kimball Founding
Partner Heidi L. De Groot Partner Samuel P. Nielson Partner Larry E. Herrera
Partner Bruce G. Lee Senior Counsel

News and Updates

We consider and pursue all options to enforce your rights.

* Legal Update

New CA Law Prevents Employees From Having to Litigate Claims Outside CA

  * Feature

Read More

* Update

Understanding Sexual Harassment and How to Stop It May Be Easier Now Because
of What Has Happened in 2016

  * Feature
  * Sexual Harassment

Read More

* News

Survey Finds 40% of Female Fast-Food Workers Face Sexual Harassment, Including
Hostile Work Environments

  * Discrimination
  * Feature
  * Sexual Harassment

Read More

* Update

I Am Being Paid Less Than My Male Co-Worker. How Much is the Wage Gap Going to
Cost Me in My Career?

  * Discrimination
  * Feature
  * Wages

Read More

* Update

Can I Sue for Being Bullied in the Workplace?

  * Discrimination
  * Feature

Read More

* News

Second Sexual Harassment Complaint By Host Leveled at Fox News

  * Feature
  * Sexual Harassment

Read More

View All

Free Case Consultation

Schedule a free and discreet consultation with an attorney today.

"*" indicates required fields

First Name*

Last Name*

Phone Number (XXX) XXX-XXXX*

Email*

Briefly describe your case*

* Required field

Name

This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

Email

This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

Submit

Δ

Address

Sessions & Kimball LLP  
23456 Madero  
Suite 170  
Mission Viejo, CA 92691

Map

Phone (949) 380-0900

Fax (949) 380-8283

Email info@job-law.com

(C) Sessions & Kimball LLP

  * Privacy Policy
  * Disclaimer

