Skip to content

![Frankel Law Firm Logo](/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/frankel-logo.svg)

**Phone:** (212) 888-5100  Free Case Evaluation

  * Lead Poisoning

    * Lead Poisoning Resources
    * Lead Poisoning Lawyer 

    * Lead Poisoning Articles
    * Testing For Lead Based Paint and Lead Dust In Apartments and Homes – The Case of Lead Dust in a Child’s Crib 
    * Detecting Low Lead Levels In Children 
    * Study Suggest Link of Autism to Prenatal & Early Life Exposure to Lead 

###  Lead Poisoning Questions?

Get Help Now

  * Areas of Practice

    * Auto Accidents 
    * Bicycle Accidents 
    * Burn Injuries 
    * Bus Accidents 
    * Child Injuries 
    * Construction Accidents 
    * Crane Accidents 
    * Defective Products 
    * Elevator Accidents 
    * Lead Poisoning 
    * Lyft Car Accidents 

    * Mediation 
    * Motorcycle Accidents 
    * Nursing Home Neglect 
    * Personal Injury 
    * Police Brutality 
    * Scaffolding Accidents 
    * School Injuries 
    * Slip & Fall 
    * Sports Injuries 
    * Truck Accidents 
    * Uber Auto Accidents 

###  Don’t see the category for your type of case?

Contact Us

  * Our Firm

    * Client Testimonials 
    * Attorneys 
    * FAQs 

    * Verdicts & Settlements 
    * In The Media 
    * Press Releases 

###  We Are Trial Attorneys who get results.

Free Case Evaluation

  * Legal News Magazine

    * Legal News Magazine 
    * Questions on the Law 

###  Stay up to date with our latest news

See Legal News

  * Contact Us

#  Testimonials

##  View Our Video Testimonials

Leora's Story

Migdalia's Story

Dominique and Tyler's Story

##  Read Our Testimonials

##  William

Mr. Frankel headed my team of lawyers in a very complex wrongful firing
dispute. The case lasted several years through hearings, appeals, remand, and
involved many issues of contract interpretation, defamation and corporate law,
Mr. Frankel never lost sight of the ultimate goal and kept his staff and the
other attorneys working on our team focused and on task. He developed the
overall big picture strategy of how to win the case while keeping his
attention focused on the details, as well. A truly superior lawyer who I would
recommend anytime!

##  Anonymous

Mr. Frankel is knowledgeable, professional, down to earth, and easy to speak
to. His team is very accessible and was wonderful to work with. He was
recommended to us as brilliant lawyer who gets results and would hold our hand
throughout our ordeal, which is exactly what he did. He and his staff were so
warm and friendly to us. Nothing was too big or too small for him and they
made a difficult ordeal much easier to get through. I highly recommend the
Frankel Law Firm.

##  Shoshana

I went to Michael Frankel, after consultation with other high profile lawyers.
All of them refused to take my case, claiming that I could not win. Mr Frankel
on the other hand took my case and we won big. I am so grateful to Michael for
representing me and recommended him very highly. Anyone who hires him will not
regret.

##  David

Mr. Frankel and his staff worked tirelessly to succeed on my behalf beyond my
expectations. He is thoughtful, kind and most understanding. A true pleasure
to deal with.

##  Greta

Michael Stewart Frankel was my lawyer. He handled my case and my children's
case professionally and won our case. He did not stop until we got the
money!!!! We had a difficult case but, Mr. Frankel fought till the end. I am
very happy with the end result. I would definitely refer him to my friends.

##  Anonymous

Mr. Frankel is an Excellent Lawyer! He took on my case when my son was
diagnosed with lead poison. My son was a little under a year old. The family
move around a lot since he took on the case BUT Mr. Frankel NEVER gave up on
my son and I. The Case was time consuming but its FINALLY OVER! We Settled a
short while ago, My son is now 21 years old.. and we are pleased. I give him 5
STARS!

##  Fill out the form below to find out if you have a case.

Name:

Type of Case:Type of CaseCase Type Not ListedAuto AccidentBicycle AccidentBurn
InjuryBus AccidentChild InjuryConstruction AccidentDefective ProductElevator
AccidentLead PoisoningMediationMotorcycle AccidentNursing Home NeglectPersonal
InjuryPolice BrutalitySchool InjurySlip & FallSports InjuryTruck Accident

Phone Number:

Briefly tell us about your case:Please leave this field empty.

Δ

![Frankel Law Firm Logo](/wp-content/uploads/2017/07/frankel-logo-white.svg)

  *   * 

  * Practice Areas 
  * Lead Poisoning
  * Bicycle Accidents
  * Constuction Accidents
  * Defective Products 

  * Our Firm 
  * Verdicts & Settlements
  * Our Lawyers
  * FAQs
  * Contact

  * Client Testimonials 
  * Legal News 
  * Questions On the Law
  * Press Releases

  * Telephone
  * 212 888 5100

  * Principal Office
  * 100 Church St 8th Floor
  * New York City, New York
  * 10007

  * Bronx Office
  * 1200 Waters Place
  * Bronx, New York
  * 10461

  * (C) 2023 Frankel Law Firm
  * Privacy Policy
  * Sitemap

Site by Werra

This website is attorney advertising. Any testimonial contained in this
website is solely the opinion and/or impressions of the person giving the
testimonial. It should not be construed as a statement of fact or a
representation of any special competence or ability of any attorney. This
website shall not be deemed to be providing legal advice. This website is
intended to provide general legal education and/or news. Nothing contained
herein shall be deemed as establishing an attorney client relationship which
will only be established after the parties agree to such a relationship and
only upon the execution of a formal written and signed retainer agreement.
This law firm practices only in the State of New York.

*Any testimonial contained in this website is solely the opinion and or impressions of the person giving the testimonial and shall not be construed as a statement of fact or representation of any special competence or ability of an attorney.

**Membership, association and/or awards in or by any organization shall not be
construed as representing or implying any specialized or unique competence in
the practice of and/or in any particular area of law. Each case is different
and success in any current or prior case shall not be deemed imply that the
same or similar result may follow in another matter.

***The amount of any recovery, settlement or verdict and/or success of any
legal issue of any prior case shall not be construed as a representation of
the result which will or may be obtained in any other case. Each case has its
own unique and individual facts and legal issues. The success or result of any
prior case does not and shall not be taken or understood as an indication,
illustration and/or predictor, of any similar success in any other case. The
amounts of verdicts and settlements or success on legal issues may be deemed
to illustrate the experience and cases previously handled and shall not be
construed as a predictor of a similar result in any other case. Prior results
do not guarantee a similar outcome. A complete and independent analysis by
counsel of your individual case will be required to assess the merits and
issues presented.

