0

Skip to Content

![BAM LAW](//images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/6323d31726a4c549873513b6/1663292194058-K9K4G4XG4CLV0SRQGZY9/BAM+LAW+LOGO.png?format=1500w)

Focus

Attorneys

Contact

Open Menu Close Menu

![BAM LAW](//images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/6323d31726a4c549873513b6/1663292194058-K9K4G4XG4CLV0SRQGZY9/BAM+LAW+LOGO.png?format=1500w)

Focus

Attorneys

Contact

Open Menu Close Menu

Focus

Attorneys

Contact

## Areas of Practice

We are a litigation boutique that represents individuals and corporations in
matters involving business litigation and criminal defense.  Because we focus
on those areas of the law, other attorneys regularly refer highly sensitive
matters to us. In fact, the vast majority of our clients are referred from
other attorneys because we are so specialized.

* * *

The firm’s civil litigation practice focuses on representing clients in
complex business litigation. We regularly represent businesses as well as
individuals in such matters. Civil litigation has a reputation for being
protracted and costly. We combat those characteristics at every turn. We
understand that a quick resolution is sometimes in the client’s best interest,
even if it requires concessions. On the other hand, we can and do zealously
litigate matters if that approach makes sense from a cost and strategic
perspective.

#### **Civil Litigation**

* * *

#### **Criminal Defense**

Whether our client is a corporation under grand jury investigation or an
individual facing a decidedly non “white-collar” charge, we begin every case
with a focused commitment to protecting our client. Indeed, the term “white-
collar crime” is useful in some settings, but individuals and corporations
facing criminal investigation and prosecution rarely find solace in such
terms. We approach criminal matters as criminal matters because that’s what
prosecutors do. When an aggressive defense is needed, we supply it. When a
nuanced approach is warranted, we employ it.

* * *

![](https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/6323d31726a4c549873513b6/c841b9b9-64e0-453e-ac76-1e3611379706/bam+law+favicon+%282000+%C3%97+2000+px%29.png)

DISCLAIMER: All materials contained on this website are made available by
Baldassare & Mara, LLC for informational purposes only and should not be
construed as legal advice. The transmission and receipt of information
contained on this website does not form or constitute an attorney-client
relationship. Persons should not act upon information found on this website
without first seeking professional legal counsel. ©2022 by Baldassare & Mara,
LLC

