Skip navigation.

Keefe Law Firm

  * __MENU
  * __Call
  * __Email
  * __Location

Call Now

(866) 575-5000

  * HOME
  * About
  * Practice Areas
    * Arbitration and Mediation
    * Business Formation
    * Consumer Fraud & Class Action
      * New Jersey Car Repossession
      * Broker Misconduct & Investment Fraud
    * Criminal Defense
    * Defective Products & Medical Devices
      * Defective Medical Devices
    * Employment Law
      * Workplace Rights
      * Workplace Investigations
      * Title IX Investigations
    * Mass Tort
      * AFFF Firefighting Foam Lawsuit
      * Allergan Breast Implant Lawsuit
      * Zantac Lawsuits
    * Mesothelioma and Asbestos
    * Motor Vehicle Accidents
    * Municipal Court/Traffic Violations
    * Nursing Home Abuse & Neglect
    * Personal Injury
    * Premises Liability
    * Real Estate
    * Sexual Abuse
    * Wage and Hour
    * Wills, Trusts & Estates
    * Workplace Injury
  * Attorneys
    * John E. Keefe, Jr.
    * Stephen T. Sullivan, Jr.
    * John Keefe, Sr.
    * Paul DiGiorgio
    * Dennis R. O'Brien
  * Settlements
  * News
  * Blog
  * Contact
  * Documents

Search for:

![](https://johnkeefelaw.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/law-
firm.jpg)![](https://johnkeefelaw.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/law-firm.jpg)

# A Full Service Law Firm Serving  
Individuals and Organizations

# Full-Service Legal Team Serving  
Individuals and Organizations

## A Full Service Legal Team Serving  
Individuals and Organizations

 __Firefighting Foam AFFF Lawsuits  
 __Business Interruption  
 __Home Warranty Consumer Fraud  
 __Real Estate  
 __Wage & Hour  

 __Firefighting Foam AFFF Lawsuits  
 __Phillips CPAP Lawsuit  
 __Wrongful Car Repossession  
 __Real Estate  
 __Wage& Hour  

 __Personal Injury  
 __Consumer Fraud Class Action  
 __Nursing Home Litigation  
 __Arbitration & Mediation  
 __Workplace Injury  

 __Personal Injury  
 __Consumer Fraud Class Action  
 __Nursing Home Abuse& Neglect  
 __Arbitration& Mediation  
 __Workplace Injury  

#### Contact Us Now

Please leave this field empty.

First Name *  

Last Name *  

Phone *  

Email *  

How can we help you *  

I have read and understand the privacy policy *

### We stand for you.

As a Certified Civil Trial Attorney, John Keefe has devoted much of his time
to civil trial practice throughout the State and Federal Courts of New Jersey
specializing in negligence and product liability as well as complex mass tort
and class action litigation. John has tried numerous matters to verdict and
prosecuted hundreds of cases on behalf of victims of catastrophic loss. His
team has a steadfast commitment to serving their clients with the utmost
integrity and excellence in representation. People, businesses and
municipalities in New Jersey and across the U.S. leverage otheir expertise in
personal injury, employment, subrogation actions, real estate, consumer fraud,
product liability, commercial contracts, civil defense and more.

Keefe Law routinely litigates a wide range of matters for personal clients and
organizations. Our team includes Certified Civil Trial Attorneys that have
achieved a strong record of success in mass tort, construction, commercial and
criminal litigation. We have recently prevailed in the New Jersey Supreme
Court in Amanda Kernahan v. Home Choice Warranty Administrator of Florida,
Inc.

_Do good and do well; and be good to each other.—John E. Keefe, Jr._  
More>>

## NOTABLE VERDICTS & SETTLEMENTS

$30,000,000

Consumer Fraud Settlement

$10,000,000

Wrongful  
Death

$7,800,000

Asbestos  
Exposure

$5,940,000

Construction Accident

$2,000,000

New Jersey Auto Accident

See All Verdicts and Settlements

#### WHY CHOOSE KEEFE LAW?

  * John E. Keefe, Jr. is the past president of the New Jersey State Bar Association
  * John E. Keefe, Jr. is the past President of the Trial Attorneys of New Jersey
  * Our legal team features Civil Trial Attorneys
  * Free consultations and no attorney fees without results
  * Offices in Newark, Red Bank, Woodbridge, New York and Philadelphia
  * We prepare every case for trial from the outset
  * Full service legal team with experienced litigators

![Picture of John E. Keefe, Jr](https://johnkeefelaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2018/06/IMG_0445_JKeefe.jpg)

#### Cases We Handle

  * Car Accidents
  * AFFF (Firefighting Foam) Exposure
  * Zantac Lawsuits
  * Workplace Injury
  * Burn Injuries
  * Truck Accidents
  * Construction Accidents
  * Child Sexual Abuse
  * Motorcycle Accidents
  * Slip & Fall Accidents
  * Nursing Home Neglect
  * DUI Accidents
  * Brain Injuries
  * Wage Theft
  * Pedestrian Accidents
  * Electrocution
  * Real Estate
  * Spinal Cord Injuries

## MEET OUR ATTORNEYS

![Picture of John E. Keefe, Jr.](https://johnkeefelaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2018/05/john-keefe-jr-brown-background.png)

John E. Keefe, Jr.

Bio

![Picture of Stephen T. Sullivan, Jr.](https://johnkeefelaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2018/05/Stephen-Sulivan-round.png)

Stephen T. Sullivan, Jr.

Bio

View All Attorneys

#### Keefe Law Firm News: From Our Blog

Judge Dennis O’Brien to Present at NJICLE Seminar

On February 12th, Judge Dennis O'Brien will join a group of speakers on the
NJICLE webcast, A Practical Guide to Buying a Business. The seminar will
discuss the unique considerations and process of representing a client who is
purchasing a small to ...

Read More

John E. Keefe, Jr. Selected for Inclusion in 2020 "Irish Legal 100"

John E. Keefe, Jr. has been selected for inclusion in the 2020 Irish Legal
100. The Irish Legal 100, founded in 2008 by the Irish Voice newspaper in New
York, is "an annual compilation of the most distinguished legal professionals
in the United ...

Read More

Judge Dennis O'Brien Announces Several Recent Settlements

The Honorable Dennis R. O’Brien J.S.C. (Ret.), Of Counsel to Keefe Law Firm,
has announced several settlements of significance. A Binding Arbitration
overseen by Judge O’Brien concerning an auto accident, with the claimant
citing traumatic brain ...

Read More

View All Articles

## Keefe Law Stands for You

John E. Keefe, Jr. and his legal team believes in providing the same level of
dedicated advocacy in all matters, for all of their clients. For this reason,
we prepare all cases with care and dedication. Following this philosophy, our
lawyers have achieved a history of success with complex state and national
cases. This includes several high-profile personal injury cases and the
consumer fraud class action against Cooper Tire & Rubber where we achieved a
settlement valued at up to $3 billion for consumers.

To us, our clients are individuals, not case numbers. That is why we provide
expert legal guidance specific to you or your organization. With Keefe Law
Firm, you can trust that you will have dedicated advocates who will stop at
nothing to get you the best results possible. Whether you need assistance with
a sensitive employment law matter, a devastating personal injury caused by
others, or a complex commercial real estate transaction, we will handle it to
your complete satisfaction.

We offer free initial consultations and are available 24 hours a day, 7 days a
week. Contact Keefe Law now.

## 5-Star Reviews

__________

## Keefe Law Firm Testimonial 8

"John Keefe and his team are subject matter experts in their fields and will
always guide you in the right direction for the specific nature of your case."
—Holli D.

5.0

2019-04-16T22:08:26-04:00

"John Keefe and his team are subject matter experts in their fields and will
always guide you in the right direction for the specific nature of your case."
—Holli D.

https://johnkeefelaw.com/blog/testimonials/10901/

__________

## Keefe Law Firm Testimonial 7

"They are not only logical and analytical, but Keefe Law Firm displays a great
deal of creativity in solving your legal problems." —Sheila R.

5.0

2019-04-16T22:09:37-04:00

"They are not only logical and analytical, but Keefe Law Firm displays a great
deal of creativity in solving your legal problems." —Sheila R.

https://johnkeefelaw.com/blog/testimonials/10902/

__________

## Keefe Law Firm Testimonial 6

"If you want your case in the absolute best hands, look no further than Paul
DiGiorgio." —Melissa C.

5.0

2019-04-16T22:10:31-04:00

"If you want your case in the absolute best hands, look no further than Paul
DiGiorgio." —Melissa C.

https://johnkeefelaw.com/blog/testimonials/10903/

__________

## Keefe Law Firm Testimonial 5

"Not only did his firm help me through what was one of the most challenging
times of my life, they also took amazing care of me and helped me settle my
case in less than a year." —Michelle E.

5.0

2019-04-16T22:11:21-04:00

"Not only did his firm help me through what was one of the most challenging
times of my life, they also took amazing care of me and helped me settle my
case in less than a year." —Michelle E.

https://johnkeefelaw.com/blog/testimonials/10904/

__________

## Keefe Law Firm Testimonial 9

"We used the Keefe Law Firm in the past and found them to be very
professional, without losing that personal touch. Everyone there was friendly
and helpful making our entire experience a pleasant one. We would definitely
use them again in the future." —Joan R.

5.0

2019-07-29T10:07:54-04:00

"We used the Keefe Law Firm in the past and found them to be very
professional, without losing that personal touch. Everyone there was friendly
and helpful making our entire experience a pleasant one. We would definitely
use them again in the future." —Joan R.

https://johnkeefelaw.com/blog/testimonials/keefe-law-firm-testimonial-9/

__________

## Keefe Law Firm Testimonial 10

"Great group of professionals to work with and assist you with your legal
matter. Attorneys are very dedicated, compassionate and hard working."—Joan R.

5.0

2019-07-29T10:08:39-04:00

"Great group of professionals to work with and assist you with your legal
matter. Attorneys are very dedicated, compassionate and hard working."—Joan R.

https://johnkeefelaw.com/blog/testimonials/keefe-law-firm-testimonial-10/

__________

## Keefe Law Firm Testimonial 11

"Mike Convery was extremely thorough, knowledgeable, and helpful with
negotiating and finalizing my most recent home purchase. Would recommend to
anyone." —Anthony T.

5.0

2019-07-29T10:09:48-04:00

"Mike Convery was extremely thorough, knowledgeable, and helpful with
negotiating and finalizing my most recent home purchase. Would recommend to
anyone." —Anthony T.

https://johnkeefelaw.com/blog/testimonials/keefe-law-firm-testimonial-11/

5

7

  
![Keefe Law Firm Attorney Recognition](https://johnkeefelaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/09/attorneyrecognitionbadges.jpg)

![Call Keefe Law Firm](https://johnkeefelaw.com/wp-content/themes/keefe-
responsive/images/phone-icon.svg)

Call Today (866) 575-5000

Connect with us:

![Link to YouTube](https://johnkeefelaw.com/wp-content/themes/keefe-
responsive/images/youtube.svg) ![Link to Linked
In](https://johnkeefelaw.com/wp-content/themes/keefe-
responsive/images/linkedin.svg) ![Link to
Twitter](https://johnkeefelaw.com/wp-content/themes/keefe-
responsive/images/twitter.svg) ![Link to
Facebook](https://johnkeefelaw.com/wp-content/themes/keefe-
responsive/images/facebook.svg)

![Keefe Law](http://johnkeefelaw.wpengine.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/03/keefelawlogo.png)

  * Free Consultation
  * Privacy Policy
  * Disclaimer
  * Sitemap

Notice: Keefe Law Firm has joined the law firm of Wilentz, Goldman & Spitzer,
P.A.. Our team remains at the Red Bank and Newark office locations, and will
continue to provide the professional service that our clients have come to
expect with an expanded platform of services and support. This site is being
maintained and updated for informational purposes. For more information, click
here.

**Red Bank**  
125 Half Mile Road  
Suite 100  
Red Bank, NJ 07701  
(732) 224-9400  
Fax: (732) 224-9494  
Click here for directions

**Newark**  
76 Ferry Street  
Newark, NJ 07105  
(973) 274-0408  
Fax: (973) 274-0409  
Click here for directions

**Woodbridge**  
90 Woodbridge Center Drive, Suite 900  
Woodbridge, NJ 07095  
(732) 224-9400  
Fax: (732) 224-9494  
Click here for directions

Attorney Advertising: Nothing herein shall be considered legal advice nor
shall establish any attorney-client relationship with this law firm or its
attorneys. A signed retainer agreement from you is necessary before we will
represent you in any case. All cases are different and past successes are no
guarantee of a future recovery.

(C) 2016-2024 Keefe Law Firm

