Call Us Today(408) 457-93645671 Santa Teresa Suite 203 San Jose, CA 95123  * Home  * Firm    * Case Results  * Practice Areas    * Business Law      * Breach of Contracts      * Business Disputes      * Business Litigation      * Business Formation      * Business Fraud      * Collections Attorney    * Franchise Law      * Franchise Advising & Litigation      * Franchise Agreement    * Intellectual Property      * Trademark Infringement      * Website Disputes    * Specialized Industries      * Real Estate      * Dentist  * Referrals  * Contact Us**Do You Have A Case ?**  Let Us Stand Up For Your Rights .  * Name*  * Email Address*  * Message  * 41739(408) 457-9364# DRIVEN ADVOCACY & PROVEN RESULTS## A LEADING BUSINESS ATTORNEY SAN JOSE LAW FIRMNick Heimlich has always been focused on achieving excellent results for his clients while keeping their interests in mind. **Click here** to see representative case results.He has practiced throughout California in State and Federal Courts including the counties of Santa Clara, San Mateo, Alameda, San Francisco, Orange, and San Diego.He has represented clients from individuals to small businesses for Corporate counseling and litigation. His corporate counseling experience includes entity selection, contracts, corporate formalities, and trademark applications. Often clients have questions when they are a small business like whether a Limited Liability Company or a S Corporation is better. Small Businesses also sometimes wonder how to avoid issues such as through properly reviewing contracts or issues as they arise such a employment disputes including wage and hour issues.His litigation experience is broad and covers general civil litigation including: breach of contract, business disputes (partnership disputes), collections, franchise law, fraud, corporate theft, real estate, trademarks, and website disputes. These cases involve simple contract that simply were not paid, or sometimes more complex situations were a corporate officer felt the Company money was his or her personal money. ### I've handled litigation cases in the following Courts listed below.I have handled approximately a total of 125 court cases in either California state courts or Federal Courts.**I have represented about 300 clients over my 18 years of practice.**  * California State Courts where I have handled cases:  * California Supreme Court  * California 6th District Court of Appeals  * California 5th District Court of Appeals  * Santa Clara County Superior Court, State of California  * Alameda County Superior Court, State of California  * Contra Costa County Superior Court, State of California  * San Mateo County Superior Court, State of California  * San Francisco Superior Court, State of California  * Orange County Superior Court, State of California  * Santa Cruz County Superior Court, State of California**Federal Courts where I have had cases or assisted clients:**  * United States District Court, Northern District of California  * United States District Court, Central District of California  * United States District Court, Eastern District of CaliforniaAdministrative Agencies where I have handled claims:  California Department of Labor Standards and Enforcement (DLSE) in San Jose, and Oakland## Most of Mr. Heimlichs cases are located in Santa Clara County,   in downtown San Jose.Similarly, Mr. Heimlich has represented different businesses in San Jose, Santa Clara and surrounding cities.He has advised on a variety of cases from smaller disputes to multi-million dollar disputes both from the plaintiffs side, initiating the lawsuit, and defending lawsuits. Click here to see Case Results.Nick advises clients during all stages of issues including legal planning to prevent or minimize legal problems. He also advises on dispute resolution including mediation, arbitration, and litigation. Nick is also elected to the West Valley-Mission College Board of Trustees for the West Valley Community College and Mission College in Santa Clara County. Nick is also a director of a non-profit, the West Valley Mission Land Corporation which benefits the West Valley and Mission College District. Nick is active in the community through the Mock Trial program for Lynbrook High School which was 3rd in the state in 2010. The Mock Trial program helps teach high school students about the legal process and introduces them to public speaking and the legal system. He is also an active member of the University of California, San Diego alumni association.## Education$Wake Forest University School of Law, J.D. (Juris Doctorate), Winston-Salem, North Carolina;$University of California, San Diego, BA (Bachelor of Arts in Economics), Provost honors.## Bar and Court admissions$California Bar;$All the state Courts in California, including the Supreme Court;$U.S. District Court, Northern District of California;$U.S. District Court, Central District of California;$U.S. Appeals Court, Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals.CALL US TODAY TO DISCUSS YOUR CONTRACT  5671 Santa Teresa Suite 203  San Jose, CA 95123**Phone:** 408-457-9364   **Fax:** 408-841-7630   **Email:** info@nickheimlichlaw.com**Follow Us On**### Sitemap  * Home  * Firm  * Attorney Profile  * Practice Areas  * Case Results  * Referrals  * Contact Us  * Resources  * Blog  * Events 2024 Copyright **Law Offices of Nicholas Heimlich,** all rights reserved. Proudly Managed By **The Ad Firm**David Duckworth1700157726I recently received legal advice from Nick and he was very professional and easy to talk to. He gave us great advice and I would definitely use him again if needed. Thank you Nick! Rebecca Bauer1695770332Nick was excellent! Very knowledgeable, asks great questions, and quickly understood the situation and was able to give great advice. I so appreciated his time, insight, and expertise in assisting with our situation. Highly recommend! Charles Chen1694420630Mr. Heimlich has been very responsive to my case and provided extraordinarily useful advice. Thank you! Mario Cassara1685657082Nick Heimlich was very professional and knowledgeable in my case. He left a lot of the worrisome I had in my case to the expert and was very good at what he does. I will recommend Nick to anyone who needs council!Much appreciative,Mario Taryn Harada1682283989This was the first time ever needing a lawyer for something, I was a bit frantic and overwhelmed with everything going on, but Nick and his team were very professional and honest, and made me feel at ease about my case. They were even professional and cool with the opposing attorney even though she was being unprofessional at times. In the end, they were able to settle my case and bring me a satisfying outcome. If you're ever in a bind and need a business lawyer, I highly recommend Nick and his team. Jay Kamdar1677112007I am an officer at a company that provides B2B Demand Generation services to marketing and sales. Over a number of years, I've worked with Nick Heimlich for legal services. He has advised me well and helped to represent the company in multiple legal disputes including in Court. I am very satisfied with his work and highly recommend him. Rami Gideoni1671573652I needed some legal consultation and per recommendation I received, I have approached Nicholas. He got back to me quickly and provided great service, he was patient, professional and knowledgeable. His advise is much appreciated, it cleared the situation, draw the next steps to follow and placed my mind to peace .I would definitely recommend his service. I A1668466596Nick answered all of my questions with direct and concise answers to my situation. Thank you! Abe Honest1659056852Mr Heimlich was very professional kind and knowledgeable when I give him a call. I was calling to hire an attorney for an tenant and landlord dispute. I had a particular issue that Mr Heimlich took time to completely listen to me. unfortunately the area I needed help was not an area that Mr Nick practiced. but he was not hesitant to give me some leads and direct me to the right place. he's a man of character and cares about what he does, I can only imagine his level of excellence in his area of expertise. he's a man of great character and I would recommend him for anyone to give him a call and talk to him. thank you very much Nick. thank you for caring . Tilo S1645581772Nick was very helpful when I needed legal advice.Thank you! Bay Small Moves1627662780M C1567630884I entered into a membership contract that had unreasonable cancellation requirements. I went to Nick through my companys employee assistance program. Nick did thorough research and found that the contract term exceeded term limits allowed by California law. As a result, I was able to cancel the contract without any penalty. I was very satisfied with the outcome. Brandon Lowry1560660818Great attorney who listens to what you say and provides insight and guidance for your problem. Nick is extremely patient and will fight hard for you. He will also tell you the truth whether you have a case or not so you do not waste your money. Hard to find honesty nowadays. Andyn79 Nguyen1559407271He wasn't able to take me as a client but had about 10 mins so he told me tell me and just from that i was able to be clear and did win from really dishonest people. So i am thank you telling the truth gets it's own reward Mark Brown1557175715Nick was very helpful when I needed assistance dissolving an LLC. Not only did he create the appropriate documentation, but he educated me on the process. His guidance was invaluable, and everything resolved smoothly. I would certainly use his services again in the future. Bonnie Nevitt1477002289My family cannot thank Nick enough. We needed a business litigation attorney for a lawsuit that was going to trial, he not only took the time to understand the complexities of the case but was able to convey that to the judge. He was able to get us amazing results. Hands down the best attorney we have ever worked with. Skip to contentOpen toolbar Accessibility ToolsAccessibility Tools  * Increase TextIncrease Text  * Decrease TextDecrease Text  * GrayscaleGrayscale  * High ContrastHigh Contrast  * Negative ContrastNegative Contrast  * Light BackgroundLight Background  * Links UnderlineLinks Underline  * Readable FontReadable Font  * Reset Reset