Home

Firm Overview

__

About

Attorney Referrals

Awards And Recognition

Our Attorneys

__

D. Carl Lustig III

Mitchell J. Sassower

Robert M. Fiala

John G. Korman

Rachele M. Van Arsdale

Practice Areas

__

Construction Accidents

NYC Personal Injury Lawyer

Motor Vehicle Accident Lawyer

NYC Premises Liability Lawyer

Municipal Liability

Medical Malpractice Lawyer

Accident Help Guide

__

What to do After a Construction Accident

What to do After a Car Accident

The Personal Injury Claims Process

Do I Have a Case?

Verdicts & Settlements

Blog

Contact

  * Home
  * Firm Overview
    * About
    * Attorney Referrals
    * Awards And Recognition
  * Our Attorneys
    * D. Carl Lustig III
    * Mitchell J. Sassower
    * Robert M. Fiala
    * John G. Korman
    * Rachele M. Van Arsdale
  * Practice Areas
    * Construction Accidents
    * NYC Personal Injury Lawyer
    * Motor Vehicle Accident Lawyer
    * NYC Premises Liability Lawyer
    * Municipal Liability
    * Medical Malpractice Lawyer
  * Accident Help Guide
    * What to do After a Construction Accident
    * What to do After a Car Accident
    * The Personal Injury Claims Process
    * Do I Have a Case?
  * Verdicts & Settlements
  * Blog
  * Contact

![](https://als-lawyers.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/ALS-logo_purple.png)

Call 24/7

free consultation

212-732-4992

MENU

![](https://als-lawyers.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/home-hero-
partners.webp)

Since 1965, we’ve recovered  
over $1 BILLION on behalf  
of our clients.

No Recovery = No Fee

Free Consultations

![](https://als-lawyers.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/home-hero-
partners.webp)

Request Your Free Case Review

## Construction  
Accidents  

## Personal  
Injury

## Medical  
Malpractice

## Motor Vehicle  
Accidents

## NEW YORK CITY PERSONAL INJURY ATTORNEYS

### Arye, Lustig & Sassower, P.C. Defending the Rights of the Injured in New
York City

Construction accident claims aren't merely cases to us; they're our calling.
Armed with specialized knowledge of New York's legal protections for
construction workers, our seasoned team has made a mark by influencing the law
at both trial and appellate stages.

Over 40 Years of Dedication Proudly representing IBEW Local #3 members for
over four decades.

Discover Our Legacy

## Driven by Client Dedication, Empathy, and Excellence

Every step we take is inspired by the people we represent. Our genuine
compassion is matched only by our relentless pursuit of justice on their
behalf. With an impressive legacy of achieving six- and seven-figure verdicts,
we've secured over $1 billion in settlements and verdicts, emphasizing our
unwavering commitment to our clients' well-being.

![](https://als-lawyers.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/trial-
lawyers.png)![](https://als-lawyers.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/09/sl.png)![](https://als-lawyers.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/09/best-lawyers.png)![](https://als-lawyers.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/09/Best.png)![](https://als-lawyers.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/09/nadc-logo.png)![](https://als-lawyers.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/09/Million-Dollar-Advocates.png)![](https://als-
lawyers.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/ATA.png)![](https://als-lawyers.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/09/avvo-logo.png)![](https://als-lawyers.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/09/mh-av-peer.png)![](https://als-lawyers.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/09/AAj.png)

### $16 Million Settlement

Catastrophic Injury

### $4.25 Million Settlement

Construction Accident

### $3.8 Million Settlement

Construction Accident

### $3 Million Settlement

Construction Accident

### $2.5 Million Settlement

Construction Accident

### $2 Million Settlement

Construction Accident

### $1.95 Million Settlement

Construction Accident

### $1.225 Million Settlement

Construction Accident

## Experience  
determines  
results

### Ready to Reclaim Your Life? We're Here to Stand with You.

After an injury, it's not just about getting compensation; it's about getting
your life back on track. At Arye, Lustig & Sassower, P.C., we're more than
lawyers – we're your partners in recovery. Don't navigate this journey alone.
Let our experienced team fight for the justice and peace of mind you deserve.
Take the first step today. Contact us now.

See All Results

### $600,000 Verdict

Construction Accident

### $450,000 Million Verdict

Construction Accident

### $950,000 Million Verdict

Construction Accident

### $900,000 Verdict

Construction Accident

### $588,500 Verdict

Municipal Liability

## Advocates for Construction Workers and Beyond

### Unwavering Dedication to Your Rights

Injuries from another's negligence are more than just painful moments; they
challenge your future. Your choice of legal representation can make a pivotal
difference in securing justice.  
  
Trust Arye, Lustig & Sassower, P.C., in New York City, where our track record
speaks volumes.  
  
Our greatest validation? The countless referrals from satisfied clients who
champion our name to their loved ones endorse the exceptional outcomes we've
consistently delivered.

See All Results

## Why Choose Arye, Lustig & Sassower, P.C.?

### Advocates for Construction Workers and Beyond

### Client-Centered Approach

Your needs come first. With respect, compassion, and unwavering dedication,
we've secured over $1 billion in verdicts and settlements.

### Experience That Counts

Our vast experience covers a broad spectrum of personal injury cases, from
construction mishaps to medical malpractice. Let our proven track record guide
your claim.

### No Win, No Fee

Focused entirely on your recovery and justice, we operate on a contingency
basis. Pay nothing unless we win for you.

![](https://als-lawyers.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/d-carl-lustig-iii-
profile.webp)

### D. Carl Lustig III

![](https://als-lawyers.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/mitchell-j-sassower-
profile.jpg)

### Mitchell J. Sassower

![](https://als-lawyers.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/fiala_robert_m-
test.jpg)

### Robert M. Fiala

![](https://als-lawyers.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/john-korman-test.jpg)

### John G. Korman

![](https://als-lawyers.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/rachel-van-arsdale-
test.jpg)

### Rachele M. Van Arsdale

![](https://als-lawyers.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/aronoff_jonathan_d-
test.jpg)

### Jonathan D. Aronoff

![](https://als-lawyers.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/lustig_d_carl_iii-
test.png)

### D. Carl Lustig III

![](https://als-lawyers.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/sassower_mitchell_j-
test.jpg)

### Mitchell J. Sassower

![](https://als-lawyers.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/fiala_robert_m-
test.jpg)

### Robert M. Fiala

![](https://als-lawyers.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/john-korman-test.jpg)

### John G. Korman

![](https://als-lawyers.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/rachel-van-arsdale-
test.jpg)

### Rachele M. Van Arsdale

![](https://als-lawyers.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/aronoff_jonathan_d-
test.jpg)

### Jonathan D. Aronoff

## Personal Injury Cases We Take

### diverse Experience

At Arye, Lustig & Sassower, P.C., we understand that every injury carries its
own story, challenges, and legal nuances. Our vast experience across various
personal injury domains equips us to advocate fiercely and knowledgeably on
your behalf, ensuring that justice isn't just a word—it's a promise.

### Construction Accidents

### Personal Injury

### Motor Vehicle Accidents

### Premises Liability

### Municipal Liability

### Medical Malpractice

## what our clients are saying

From day one, Mitch Sassower was professional and compasionate. He addressed
my personal Injury in a prompt manner and being recommended by Local #3 IBEW
made me feel comfortable. He was always there from beginning to the end and
obtained the most significant results for me and my family. Thanks So Much!

### Diana M.

![](https://als-lawyers.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/upper-quote-p.png)

If your looking for a Great accident Attorney Mitch is the one. With respect
and compassion he shows his gift of being a great lawyer, always gets right
back to you email or by phone. And a pleasure to work with, I definitely
recommend him and his office, everyone there is very professional.

### Joseph C.  

![](https://als-lawyers.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/upper-quote-p.png)

Compassionate and caring group of lawyers. Aggressive while competent, able to
negotiate with difficult opponents to my ultimate and complete satisfaction.
Quick witted and wise while empathetic and protective. My highest
recommendations truly as both counsel and people. You won't regret it.

### James G.  

![](https://als-lawyers.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/upper-quote-p.png)

See All Testimonials

## news

December 29, 2023 |

Construction Accidents

### What To Do If You are Injured On a Construction Site

Construction sites are notorious for their hazardous conditions, making them a
hotbed for potential injuries. When you're working in such an environment in
New York City, the risks are even more pronounced due to the city's bustling
nature and the complex nature of urban construction projects. In the
unfortunate event that you or someone you […]

Read More![](https://als-lawyers.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/triangle-bg-
half-right.png)

![](https://als-lawyers.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/Injured-On-a-
Construction-Site-1.webp)

December 17, 2023 |

Construction Accidents

### Higher Electrical Injury Risks in Construction

Workers on construction sites have the right to safe working conditions,
including adequate training and other protections from electrical risks.
Electrocution was the second highest cause of construction worker employment-
related fatality in 2014 at 74 deaths total nationally or 8.2 percent,
according to the federal Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA).
The agency reports further […]

Read More![](https://als-lawyers.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/triangle-bg-
half-right.png)

![Higher Electrical Injury Risks in Construction](https://als-lawyers.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/12/Higher-Electrical-Injury-Risks-in-Construction-.webp)

December 17, 2023 |

Construction Accidents

### Falling Debris: A Major NYC Construction Hazard

In the bustling construction sites of New York City, the risk of injury looms
as prominently as the towering structures being erected. Among these hazards,
falling debris stands out as a common yet often underestimated threat to
construction workers. At Arye, Lustig & Sassower, P.C., we have witnessed
first-hand the impact of these accidents on […]

Read More![](https://als-lawyers.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/triangle-bg-
half-right.png)

![Falling Debris](https://als-lawyers.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/Falling-
Debris-1-1.webp)

December 17, 2023 |

Construction Accidents

### NYC Construction Accidents Surge

Official 2014 construction accident injury data is in from the New York City
Department of Buildings. It would seem that in these modern times construction
workers should be able to feel safer on construction sites, with advances in
safety practices and equipment design. Sadly, this is not so. In New York
City, with its constant […]

Read More![](https://als-lawyers.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/triangle-bg-
half-right.png)

![New York City Construction Accident Numbers Jumped In 2014](https://als-
lawyers.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/New-York-City-Construction-Accident-
Numbers-Jumped-In-2014.webp)

Read More News

## New York’s Premier Construction Accident And Personal Injury Lawyers

![](https://als-lawyers.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/als-large-logo.png)

#### Time-Tested Attorneys, Committed To Your Case

## If you've been injured, contact us today for a FREE case review.

  

First Name

Email Address *

Phone Number

Message

Disclaimer | Privacy Policy

I have read the Disclaimer *

Send Message

Please do not fill in this field.

![](https://als-lawyers.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/als-white-logo-
shadow.png)

## 20 Vesey Street  
Suite #1010  
New York, NY 10007

New York Law Office Map

Local: 212-732-4992  
Toll Free: 800-574-4LAW  
New Cases: 800-574-4LAW

Email Our Firm

![](https://als-lawyers.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/als-white-logo-
shadow.png)

## 20 Vesey Street  
Suite #1010  
New York, NY 10007

New York Law Office Map

Toll Free: 800-574-4LAW  
New Cases: 800-574-4LAW  
Local: 212-732-4992

Email Our Firm

(C) 2024 ALS-Lawyers.com. All rights reserved.

Disclaimer | Privacy | Review Us

Attorney Advertising | Prior results do not guarantee a similar outcome. The
information on this website is for general information purposes only. Nothing
on this site should be taken as legal advice for any individual case or
situation. This information is not intended to create, and receipt or viewing
does not constitute, an attorney-client relationship. This site is protected
by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

starusercheck-circlearrow-circle-rightbarsfacebook-official

