Close Menu

  * Home
  * Call
  * Email
  * Search
  * Menu

![NYC Employment Lawyer](https://www.newyorkcity-employmentlawyer.com/wp-
content/themes/mansell-2020/img/logos/main.png)

  * Home
  * Attorneys
    * Greg Mansell
    * Carrie Dyer
  * Unpaid Wage Law
    * Class & Collective Actions
    * Frequent Wage Violations
    * Meals & Breaks
    * Misclassification
    * Overtime Laws
    * Overtime Exemptions
    * Unpaid Overtime
    * Unpaid Minimum Wage
  * Employment Laws
    * Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA)
    * Discrimination
    * Employment Contracts
    * Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA)
    * Family & Medical Leave Act (FMLA)
    * Harassment
    * Hostile Work Environment
    * LGBTQ Discrimination
    * Military Discrimination (USERRA)
    * Non-Compete & Non-Solicitation Agreements
    * Reasonable Accommodations
    * Religious Discrimination
    * Retaliation
    * Severance Review & Negotiations
    * Sex Discrimination
    * Sexual Harassment
    * Wrongful Termination
    * Whistleblower
  * FAQs
  * Results
  * Testimonials
  * Blog
  * Contact Us

Call Today For A Free Consultation 646-921-8900

New York Employment Lawyer

SCHEDULE A FREE CONSULTATION

Serious Representation. PROVEN RESULTS.

We can guarantee that you will get high quality, attentive legal  
representation from lawyers that know employment law.

NO CASE Is Too Big or Too Small.

We take an aggressive approach to end the unlawful activity and get you  
what you deserve.

COMPLIMENTARY Case Evaluations Available.

Schedule a Free Consultation with your New York City  
employment lawyer today.

Centrally located in New York City and prepared to fight for you

  * ![Unpaid Wages](https://www.newyorkcity-employmentlawyer.com/wp-content/themes/mansell-2020/img/pa/aop-sprite.png)
  * ![Employment Law](https://www.newyorkcity-employmentlawyer.com/wp-content/themes/mansell-2020/img/pa/aop-sprite.png)
  * ![Discrimination](https://www.newyorkcity-employmentlawyer.com/wp-content/themes/mansell-2020/img/pa/aop-sprite.png)
  * ![Harassment](https://www.newyorkcity-employmentlawyer.com/wp-content/themes/mansell-2020/img/pa/aop-sprite.png)

Unpaid Wage Law

  * Unpaid Overtime
  * Unpaid Minimum Wage
  * Overtime Exemptions
  * Misclassification
  * Meals and Breaks
  * Frequent Wage Violations
  * Class and Collective Actions 

Employment Laws

  * Family & Medical Leave Act (FMLA)
  * Hostile Work Environment
  * Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA)
  * Discrimination
  * Retaliation
  * Wrongful Termination
  * Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA)
  * Employment Contracts
  * Harassment
  * Severance Review & Negotiations
  * Non-Compete & Non-Solicitation Agreements
  * Military Discrimination (USERRA)
  * Whistleblower
  * Reasonable Accommodations

# New York City  
Employment Lawyer

## Tireless Advocates for New Yorkers Victimized by Employment Discrimination
or Wage & Hour Violations

![Employment Lawyer NYC](https://www.newyorkcity-employmentlawyer.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/07/Mansell-Law-Finals-01-copy-
scaled-e1689873529174-200x200.jpg)Mansell Law is a New York City employment
law firm helping workers across the spectrum of employment law and unpaid wage
law. At Mansell Law, you’ll find a client-centered law firm dedicated to your
success. Our **NYC employment lawyers** love what we do and look forward every
day for the opportunity to defend employee rights in New York City.

## We Listen to You

When you need answers and advice quickly in the realm of employment law,
Mansell Law is the firm to turn to. We listen to you and tailor our approach
to your specific needs. We work with you as a valuable member of our team,
meaning we take the time to educate and inform you about the law and how it
applies to your case. Our lawyers use our skills, knowledge and experience
with one goal in mind – to get positive results for you in your employment law
or unpaid wage case.

## Unpaid Wage Law

We help workers recover unpaid overtime or unpaid minimum wage when they have
been accidentally or intentionally exempted from overtime or misclassified. We
represent nurses and healthcare providers, fast food workers, factory workers
and all New York employees who have been forced to work off the clock, had
improper deductions taken from their paychecks, or were denied their meals and
breaks as required by law or company policy. Our firm is experienced in
handling individual employee cases as well as class actions and collective
actions involving more than a thousand employees. No case is too big or too
small for Mansell Law.

## Employment Law

Our employment law practice covers discrimination, harassment and retaliation
in the workplace. Whether you’ve been the victim of a hostile work environment
or wrongful termination, our experienced New York employment lawyers know the
steps to take to make sure you are fairly compensated for the harm done to
you. We make sure workers are able to exercise their rights to family and
medical leave, including protecting leave for military servicemember
caregivers and protecting reservists from employment discrimination based on
their military status. Our full-service employment law firm helps individuals
obtain reasonable accommodations under the Americans with Disabilities Act
(ADA) and fights insurers who denied employees’ long-term disability claims in
violation of ERISA. Our skilled and knowledgeable attorneys are here to
negotiate, draft, review, enforce or challenge the full range of employment
contracts, including severance agreements, non-compete and non-solicitation
agreements. Finally, we respect the rights of workers to blow the whistle on
corporate fraud or health and safety violations, and we proudly protect
whistleblowers from retaliation for reporting illegal activity or refusing to
be complicit in corporate misconduct.

## Employment Law Is Our Passion

Employment law deals with basic rights and equal treatment for all
individuals. Through our work, we endeavor to make things right for you and
change the way companies treat all employees. No one should have to suffer
discrimination or harassment based on their race, religion or other protected
characteristics. Every worker deserves to be paid fully and fairly for the
work they do. Through our work, we help ensure that these ideals are more than
just talk and are put into practice at your workplace.

## Serving All of New York City and Here for You When You Need Us

Mansell Law is centrally located in New York City. It is important to have an
experienced attorney who understands the complex issues surrounding employment
law and ERISA benefits. As most court filings and appearances are now
completed electronically or by phone, Mansell Law is able to represent clients
throughout New York City and the surrounding areas, including Manhattan,
Brooklyn, Queens, the Bronx, and Staten Island.

Our NYC employment lawyers offer a free consultation in all matters and take
all cases on a contingency fee basis where appropriate, meaning we don’t
charge any money upfront to represent you and only collect a fee after we are
successful in your case. If you don’t win, we don’t get paid.

Call us today at 646-921-8900, or contact us online to schedule your free
consultation. We understand the hardship you may be going through and the
uncertainty you might be feeling about taking on your employer when they have
wronged you. We’ll explain your rights and the process involved, so you’ll
feel comfortable knowing you are in good hands with a law firm dedicated to
making sure you are fairly treated in the workplace and get what you deserve.
Call Mansell Law today, and find out how we can help you with your New York
unpaid wage or employment law matter.

Learn More

Share This Page:

![Facebook](https://d78c52a599aaa8c95ebc-9d8e71b4cb418bfe1b178f82d9996947.ssl.cf1.rackcdn.com/dsk_sharing/icons/ftlg_16.png)
![Twitter](https://d78c52a599aaa8c95ebc-9d8e71b4cb418bfe1b178f82d9996947.ssl.cf1.rackcdn.com/dsk_sharing/icons/ftlg_16.png)
![LinkedIn](https://d78c52a599aaa8c95ebc-9d8e71b4cb418bfe1b178f82d9996947.ssl.cf1.rackcdn.com/dsk_sharing/icons/ftlg_16.png)

Let us be your  
resource for  
representation  
related to  
employment law

“I was very nervous about finding an attorney when I lost my job. After
searching for quite some time Mr. Mansell came to me highly recommended. From
the first time we met and throughout my case Greg kept me well informed. The
attorney-client communication was astonishing as he personally contacted me
with frequent updates. I felt like he was a personal friend and I was quite
comfortable during our various meetings. I felt like he personally cared about
my case and he fought for me. I always knew he was on my side and he never
backed down. He was very professional with the opposing parties and never gave
up. He won my case for me. I will always be grateful to him for changing my
life and winning the case. My life was in his hands as well as my career and
he came through for me. I would recommend him to everybody I know, he is
simply amazing.”

Denise V., Nurse Manager

“Greg is an excellent employment attorney and I would strongly recommend him
to anyone, especially those closest to me. His assistance was essential to
gaining a quick approval in my recent Long Term Disability claim, due to the
extensive and complex medical background! A little over a year ago I had an
initial consultation with Greg to discuss an issue with my employer not
responding to my ADA requests. I was so impressed with his expertise,
confidence, and passion towards advocacy. There was no question who I was
going to hire for my upcoming LTD claim. Unfortunately, my health had
continued to decline over the year, and I was not the easiest nor most
reliable client. There were times when I was not reachable because I was sick
in bed for days at a time. In addition to this, I experienced many technical
problems and even created a filter...”

Emaly Littlefield, Approval of Long Term Disability Benefits

“Mr. Mansell helped not only me but my family in a time of need. He was
extremely helpful, knowledgeable, and caring. I was in an unfortunate
situation due to no fault of my own. Mr. Mansell was willing to go the extra
mile to help me with legal matters when I felt helpless. I would strongly
recommend him to anyone. Thank you Mr. Mansell.”

Mike D., Disabled Veteran, Disability Discrimination

“Mr. Mansell did a tremendous job walking me through the process – counseling
me – and making me feel comfortable about my deposition was great! Thanks
again!”

R.W., Age Discrimination

“I owe my job to Mr. Mansell’s work. When I came to him, the writing was on
the wall that I would be terminated and I felt there was nothing I could do.
Mr. Mansell took an aggressive approach and made my employer back down. It
saved my job and let me sleep at night. I really can’t say enough about his
approach and knowledge. He truly cares about helping the individuals.”

M.L., Gender Discrimination

Schedule your complimentary  
case evaluation today

If you believe your employment rights in New York City have been violated, we
want to hear from you. We’ll take the time to listen to your story and let you
know whether we think you have a case. Count on Mansell Law for straight talk
regarding your options and practical advice on how to proceed.

Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.

Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.

Submit![Loading](https://www.newyorkcity-employmentlawyer.com/wp-
content/plugins/wpforms-lite/assets/images/submit-spin.svg)

Field Required By submitting this form I acknowledge that contacting the
Mansell Law, LLC, through this website does not create an attorney-client
relationship, and any information I send is not protected by attorney-client
privilege.

Partner up with our employment lawyers  
and ease your legal concerns

Greg Mansell attorney at law

646-921-8900 Contact Now

Greg Mansell is passionate about being a New York City Employment Lawyer. You
will see this from your first meeting with him until the matter is completely
resolved. Mr. Mansell understands that the key to success for his clients is
achieved through hard-work, dedication, and, most importantly, communication
with you, the client.

Mr. Mansell’s devotion to his work has been recognized by his selection for
inclusion in Super Lawyers, Rising Stars 2014-2024.

![NYC Employment Lawyer](https://www.newyorkcity-employmentlawyer.com/wp-
content/themes/mansell-2020/img/logos/main.png)

85 8th Ave, 6M, New York, NY 10011  Get Directions

  

646-921-8900

  *   *   *   * 

(C) 2020 - 2024 Mansell Law, LLC. All rights reserved.

  * Site Map
  * Disclaimer

ATTORNEY ADVERTISING

