CALL NOW (415) 423-3400

  * Home
  * Practice Areas
    * Wrongful Eviction
      * Common Questions
      * Tenant Rights
        * Proposition "M"
        * Tenant SRO's
        * Just Cause Eviction
        * Withholding Rent
      * Types of Eviction
        * False Owner Move-Ins
        * 3-Day Notices
        * Retaliatory Evictions
        * Wrongful Evictions
      * Dealing with an Unlawful Detainer
      * Owner Move-In Eviction
      * Illegal Units
      * Helpful Links
      * Forms
    * Personal Injury
    * Car Accidents
    * Business Harms
    * Class Action
      * Electronics
      * False Advertising
      * Violations of Privacy
      * Technology
    * Environmental Harms
    * Wrongful Termination
    * Securities Litigation
  * Successes
  * News/Blog
  * About
    * About
    * Attorneys
    * Staff
    * Testimonials
    * Bar Affiliations
  * Contact

Select Page

# Our Attorneys

# Mark Hooshmand

Mark Hooshmand has fought tirelessly to advance tenant rights and to file
Class Actions on behalf of individuals and businesses who have been affected
by business practices. The Hooshmand Law Group is one of the largest tenant
firms in the Bay Area that assist Tenants with recovering damages resulting
from false Owner Move Ins (OMI), wrongful eviction, lack of repairs,
retaliation and retaliatory eviction, buy outs, Illegal Apartments, In Law
Apartments and Illegal Units, harassment, and enforcement of the local San
Francisco Rent Ordinance, Oakland Rent Ordinance and Berkeley Rent Ordinance.
Mark has tried many cases to verdict, has preserved judgments for tenants on
appeal, and had two Court orders reversed on Appeal on behalf of tenants. Mark
also focuses on Class Actions involving issues that affect large groups of
individuals including the loss of affordable housing, violations of the Unfair
Competition Law where businesses have taken actions in violation of the law,
and cases involving mass torts. He has been featured in numerous articles
advocating for tenant rights. **His representative cases include** : **•** In
re Airbnb – Class action lawsuit for those affected by short term rentals in
San Francisco. **•** Lawsuit vs. Landlord on behalf of 80 + residents of
apartment building affected by substandard conditions **•** Lawsuit vs.
Landlord – False Owner Move in (OMI) where landlord allegedly evicted tenants
under false Owner Move in so that they can perform Short Term Rentals **•** In
re Marymount Hotel – Class Certification for conversion of Apartment Building
in Pacifica

**Mark Hooshmand in the news:**

**•The Risks of Being a Host in the Sharing-Economy **- Plaintiff Magazine

**•Castro Resident’s Three-year Quest to Shut Down a Hacker Hostel **- SF Gate

**•S.F. Airbnb Law Slowly Takes Effect While Challenges Continue** - SF Gate

**•Unscrupulous Landlord No Match for LRIS Panel Attorney Mark Hooshmand** -
SF Bar Association

#### Recent News

  * Highest Wrongful Eviction Settlement in California History
  * $5.4 Million Settlement for Premises Liability / Fire Damage
  * Tenants Recover Record $2.6 Million Settlement
  * HLG wins Class Action Judgment at Trial

#### Resources

  * About Us
  * Hooshmand Law Group In the News
  * Testimonials | Client Comments & Reviews
  * Privacy Policy
  * Sitemap
  * Contact Us

#### Contact Us

  

San Francisco:

22 Battery Street, Suite 610  
San Francisco, CA 94111  

Tel: (415) 423-3400  
Fax: (415) 423-3408

Copyright Hooshmand Law Group, All Rights Reserved

Translate »

  *   *   *   *   * 

