![Hill, Betts & Nash LLP](/images/hillbetts-logo-horizontal.png)

### Get In Touch

____

Hit enter to search or ESC to close

### Get In Touch

__

#### Email Address

info@hillbetts.com

 __

#### Phone Number

Phone: (212) 839-7000

  * Home
  * Our History
  * Practice Areas

    * Maritime Personal Injury and Employment Disputes

      * The Jones Act of 1920
      * The Longshore Harbor Workers Compensation Act of 1927
      * The Limitation of Liability Act of 1854
      * The Death on the High Seas Act of 1920
      * Seaman’s Protection Act
      * Maritime Toxic Torts & Asbestos Litigation
      * Maritime Products Liability
      * Maintenance & Cure

    * Marine Insurance

      * Declaratory Judgment Actions
      * Bad Faith Claims

    * Maritime Risk Management

      * Commercial Shipping Transactions
      * Vessel Registration (Foreign & Domestic)

    * Aviation Law
    * Maritime Regulatory Compliance

      * U.S. Coast Guard
      * U.S. Federal Maritime Commission
      * U.S. Maritime Administration
      * State Regulations

    * Marine Casualty Investigations, Claims, and Recovery

      * Collisions, Allisions, and Grounding
      * USCG Rules of the Road & COLREGS

    * Maritime Salvage
    * Marine Bunker Disputes & Claims
    * Maritime Security
    * Cargo Claims & Disputes
    * Vessel Liens, Arrests & Seizures
    * Marine Transactions

      * Charter Parties
      * Port/Terminal Development
      * Maritime Financing & Bankruptcy

    * Marine Pollution

  * Attorneys

    * Attorneys
    * Support Staff

  * Publications
  * Privacy Policy
  * Contact Us
  * Blog

# Welcome To Hill, Betts & Nash LLP

Hill, Betts & Nash LLP is one of the last original New York City boutique law
firms specializing in admiralty and general maritime law. Hill, Betts & Nash
LLP, (“HBN”) specializes in matters relating to the maritime industry and has
represented some of the most well-known and highly respected companies in the
transportation and logistics industry since its founding in 1898.

HBN represents clients in many different areas of law other than maritime law,
such as commodity and international trade, product liability, trucking,
environmental and property damage.

Learn More About Hill, Betts & Nash LLP

![hill-bets-nash-logo-large.png](/images/2022/09/09/hill-bets-nash-logo-
large.png)

 __

###### Hours Of Operation

24 Hours 7 Days A Week

 __

###### Contact Us Via Phone

(212) 839-7000

 __

###### Contact Us Via Email

info@hillbetts.com

### Injury & Employment

![Injury & Employment](/images/icons/hillbets-practice-areas-11.png)

HBN attorneys have represented and continue to represent some of the largest
shipowners in the United States.

Read More

### Marine Insurance

![Marine Insurance](/images/icons/hillbets-practice-areas-2.png)

The marine industry is not foreign to its insurance carriers, as everything
they do, or is done to them, will most likely affect its insurance.

Read More

### Risk Management

![Risk Management](/images/2022/05/05/hillbets-practice-areas-3.png)

HBN’s attorneys are not only lawyers, some are Merchant Mariners or USCG
veterans with a complex understanding of the inner workings of various
vessels.

Read More

### Regulatory Compliance

![Regulatory Compliance](/images/2022/05/05/hillbets-practice-areas-4.png)

The core of any corporation in the maritime industry is the understanding of
compliance and  regulations in the US and internationally.

Read More

# How Can We Help?

HBN’s longstanding position as a maritime firm in the heart of New York City
can only be attributed to its team of lawyers who navigate the complex and
unique concepts of maritime law. Our lawyers have years of experience that set
them apart from many other lawyers in the maritime field, such as shipboard
service in the Merchant Marines and United States Coast Guard.

When you choose Hill, Betts & Nash you are not only choosing legal scholars,
but also expert mariners.

HBN represents their clients in navigating the difficult intricacies of
Maritime Law, also known as Admiralty Law. Maritime law takes its precedence
from – not only statutes and common law – but also from ancient principles of
international law.

Maritime law is a distinct body of domestic and international law made up of
international conventions, treaty, and domestic statutes which governs legal
issues arising on navigable waters. These issues may include disputes stemming
from shipping, logistics, and navigation, as well as, personal injuries that
occur onboard vessels in navigation. Generally, maritime law operates under
the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal courts, except for a few statutes
such as the Merchant Marine Act of 1920, which allows for injured seaman to
bring a claim in state court.

![Image](/images/2022/09/09/hill-betts-nash-home-boat.jpg)

Maritime law is not an area of law that many lawyers are competent to
practice. It is filled with unique and complex issues that touch on many
different aspects of federal and state law, and requires a specific uniformity
amongst the many federal courts in the United States. For instance, if a
seaman is injured onboard a U.S. flagged vessel, their case may touch
different aspects of maritime law such as marine insurance, charter parties,
marine casualty investigations, and regulations. But this is just a small
sample of the various maritime specific areas that may be affected by any one
dispute. That is why it is important to not only have a maritime lawyer who
specifically practices in this field, but also a lawyer who has in-depth
knowledge and first-hand experience aboard vessels. In that way, your
attorneys are able to physically step into the shoes of the crew and provide
the best legal advice in the maritime field. These lawyers are some of the
most integral members of the team at HBN. Not only do they know the complex
laws surrounding maritime claims, but they also know the complexities of how a
vessel operates and are able to spot legal issues that lawyers without this
experience would not. At HBN, we strategically employ former mariners as
attorneys to ensure our clients can navigate the treacherous waters of
maritime law.

Hill, Betts & Nash LLP

# HBN advises clients of the ebb and flow of federal and international laws,
together with the ancient principles that make up maritime law in the United
States and internationally.

Call now (212) 839-7000

## Sign Up For Our Newsletter

Subscribe

### Customer Login

Remember Me

Log in

  * Forgot your username?
  * Forgot your password?

### News & Updates

Hill, Betts & Nash LLP launches new website!

Hill, Betts & Nash LLP is proud to announce the launch of our new website at
www.hillbetts.com.

Read More

### Contact us

Learn more about what Hill, Betts & Nash LLP can do for your business.

**(212) 839-7000**

**Hill, Betts & Nash LLP**  
14 Wall Street, Suite 5H  
New York, NY 10005

  * __
  * __

Copyright  Hill, Betts & Nash LLP. All Rights Reserved.

![Powered by Directive](/images/2022/03/31/poweredbydirective_white.png)

  * Home
  * Our History
  * Practice Areas
    * Maritime Personal Injury and Employment Disputes
      * The Jones Act of 1920
      * The Longshore Harbor Workers Compensation Act of 1927
      * The Limitation of Liability Act of 1854
      * The Death on the High Seas Act of 1920
      * Seaman’s Protection Act
      * Maritime Toxic Torts & Asbestos Litigation
      * Maritime Products Liability
      * Maintenance & Cure
    * Marine Insurance
      * Declaratory Judgment Actions
      * Bad Faith Claims
    * Maritime Risk Management
      * Commercial Shipping Transactions
      * Vessel Registration (Foreign & Domestic)
    * Aviation Law
    * Maritime Regulatory Compliance
      * U.S. Coast Guard
      * U.S. Federal Maritime Commission
      * U.S. Maritime Administration
      * State Regulations
    * Marine Casualty Investigations, Claims, and Recovery
      * Collisions, Allisions, and Grounding
      * USCG Rules of the Road & COLREGS
    * Maritime Salvage
    * Marine Bunker Disputes & Claims
    * Maritime Security
    * Cargo Claims & Disputes
    * Vessel Liens, Arrests & Seizures
    * Marine Transactions
      * Charter Parties
      * Port/Terminal Development
      * Maritime Financing & Bankruptcy
    * Marine Pollution
  * Attorneys
    * Attorneys
    * Support Staff
  * Publications
  * Privacy Policy
  * Contact Us
  * Blog

![Image](/images/hillbetts-logo-horizontal.png)

