Skip to content

Call today: 858-793-6244|info@carlsbadlawgroup.com

linkedin

Search for:

  * Home
  * About Us
  * Attorneys
    * JL Sean Slattery
    * David P. Hall
    * Adam Kidd
  * Practice Areas
    * Civil Litigation
    * Business Litigation
    * Commercial Transactions
    * Employment Law
    * Personal Injury
    * Real Estate Litigation
    * Insurance Litigation
  * Contact
  * 

Search for:

  * Home
  * About Us
  * Attorneys
    * JL Sean Slattery
    * David P. Hall
    * Adam Kidd
  * Practice Areas
    * Civil Litigation
    * Business Litigation
    * Commercial Transactions
    * Employment Law
    * Personal Injury
    * Real Estate Litigation
    * Insurance Litigation
  * Contact
  * 

  * Home
  * About Us
  * Attorneys
    * JL Sean Slattery
    * David P. Hall
    * Adam Kidd
  * Practice Areas
    * Civil Litigation
    * Business Litigation
    * Commercial Transactions
    * Employment Law
    * Personal Injury
    * Real Estate Litigation
    * Insurance Litigation
  * Contact

Search for:

Homecarlsbadlg2023-05-15T21:00:57+00:00

# FULL-SERVICE  
LITIGATION LAW FIRM

## Global Caliber  
Community Feel

“ _Carlsbad Law Group, LLP is representing our company in various matters.
They really understand our legal needs and are delivering as promised. Simply
stated, they get it. I would gladly recommend them to anyone looking for a
top-notch law firm_.”

– Gavin Necochea, President of Pro Energy Services Group, LLC

## Innovative, Aggressive, Respected

**Successfully representing clients with creative solutions for complex legal
matters including General Civil Litigation, Business Litigation, Commercial
and Construction Transactions, Employment Law, Personal Injury, Real Estate
Litigation, and Insurance Litigation.**

Carlsbad Law Group, LLP is a full-service law firm providing superior legal
services for clients throughout California and nationwide. Our firm has
extensive expertise in a wide variety of civil litigation matters and dispute
resolution in both state and federal courts. Our attorneys also provide
transactional services, including contract drafting and review for all facets
of commercial, corporate and construction matters. Carlsbad Law Group, LLP is
extremely dedicated to our clients, performing the highest quality legal
services with technical excellence, aggressive advocacy, innovative and
creative solutions, and passion. Our firm is experienced and deeply respected
for its claims handling, litigation, mediation, arbitration, trial and post-
trial activities. We have achieved success time and again in representation of
our clients from single party claims to complex litigation involving multiple
parties, class actions, and multi-district litigation. Carlsbad Law Group, LLP
consistently performs legal services at a global caliber with our signature
community feel.

## Practice Areas

## General Civil Litigation

Carlsbad Law Group, LLP specializes in General Civil Litigation, with its team
of experienced litigation attorneys successfully handling a wide variety of
lawsuits on behalf of our diverse group of clients that find themselves in
disputes with other businesses, insurers, government entities, and/or
individuals. We are dedicated to our clients, performing the highest quality
legal services with technical excellence, aggressive advocacy, creative
solutions, and passion. Our firm is experienced in claims handling and all
facets of litigation, trial and post-trial activities. We have achieved
success time and again in representation of our clients from single party
claims to complex litigation involving multiple parties, and multi-district
litigation.

Learn More

## Business Litigation

Carlsbad Law Group, LLP’s Business Litigation attorneys have developed
extensive expertise through representation of our clients on a wide array of
business disputes between and among individuals, businesses, as well as
government entities. Our Business Litigation attorneys are highly skilled and
adept at addressing the specific legal needs of our clients within diverse
business sectors and industries, including manufacturing, technology,
automotive, service, construction, insurance, agricultural and others.
Carlsbad Law Group, LLP takes great pride in providing its clients with
personal attention, and thorough understanding of our clients’ businesses,
industries, practices, legal needs and objectives. The depth of our Business
Litigation attorneys’ trial experience, mediation and arbitration experience,
and class action experience further serve to distinguish Carlsbad Law Group,
LLP from other law firms.

Learn More

## Commercial and Construction Transactions

Carlsbad Law Group, LLP is a full-service business and litigation firm
committed to serving companies and individuals in matters large and small. We
also provide transactional services, including contract drafting and review
for all facets of commercial, corporate and construction matters. Our skilled
and experienced transactional attorneys go above and beyond in providing cost-
effective, innovative and practical solutions for our clients to meet their
legal needs and business objectives.

Learn More

## Employment Law

Carlsbad Law Group, LLP’s team of experienced Employment Law attorneys
aggressively represent our clients in a wide variety of employment related
claims. We are skilled in both the pursuit of claims on behalf of individuals
and the defense of employers against lawsuits alleging a full range of
employment law violations. We know issues arising out of employment situations
can be difficult and involve various emotions. With Carlsbad Law Group, LLP as
your counsel, you can take comfort in knowing our attorneys are working hard
to streamline the litigation process to achieve the best results for you
and/or your company.

Learn More

## Personal Injury

Carlsbad Law Group, LLP’s team of experienced Personal Injury attorneys have
the expertise, creative strategy, and compassion to help you successfully
resolve your personal injury claim. Our Personal Injury attorneys are
tenacious and aggressive in fighting for California accident victims and are
highly skilled negotiators seeking full recovery for our clients. If you have
been injured in an accident resulting from another party’s negligence or
reckless behavior, please do not hesitate to contact us.

Learn More

## Real Estate Litigation

Carlsbad Law Group, LLP’s team of experienced Real Estate attorneys are
dedicated in providing our clients with personal attention for their real
estate matters and committed to address their specific legal needs with the
highest quality service performed in a cost-effective and professional manner.
Real estate related disputes are more common than most individuals realize.
Our attorneys understand the complexities of real estate transactions,
including breach of purchase and sale contracts, boundary line disputes,
construction litigation, commercial and/or residential lease disputes,
environmental litigation, and much more.

Learn More

## Insurance Litigation

Carlsbad Law Group, LLP’s Insurance Litigation attorneys provide our clients
and policyholders with coverage analysis and advice, using our understanding
of the insurance industry and coverage expertise. Our Insurance Litigation
attorneys are experienced and skilled at analyzing insurance coverage for our
clients and evaluating applicable facts, the policy provisions and legal
interpretation. Carlsbad Law Group, LLP is passionate and dedicated in pursuit
of recovery for our clients and provide strategic and effective representation
of policyholders for successful resolution of their claims and/or suits
against insurers for their breach of the insurance contract, wrongful denial
of insurance coverage, and/or bad faith.

Learn More

## Our Legal Services

  * Civil Litigation
  * Business Litigation
  * Commercial Transactions
  * Construction Contracts
  * Employment Law
  * Personal Injury
  * Real Estate Litigation
  * Insurance Litigation

## Our Law Firm

**STRATEGIC, DEDICATED, EXPERIENCED – More Than Just Successful Results**

Carlsbad Law Group, LLP’s primary focus is to deliver the best possible
outcome for our clients through understanding their legal needs and by
optimizing their objectives. We pride ourselves on our high level of care and
proper case management, superior advocacy skills, strong client communication,
long-standing client relationships, responsiveness, efficiency, cost-effective
manner, integrity, dedication and professionalism.

JL Sean Slattery

Managing Partner / Founding Member

David P. Hall

Partner / Attorney

Our Attorneys

#### Contact Us

5050 Avenida Encinas, Suite 300  
Carlsbad, CA 92008  
Tel: 858-793-6244  
Fax: 858-793-6005  
Email: info@carlsbadlawgroup.com

#### Practice Areas

  * Civil Litigation
  * Business Litigation
  * Commercial Transactions
  * Employment Law
  * Personal Injury
  * Real Estate Litigation
  * Insurance Litigation

#### Attorneys

  * JL Sean Slattery
  * David P. Hall
  * Adam Kidd

Carlsbad Law Group, LLP © 2020. All Rights Reserved.

linkedin

