## FREE Consultation.

## No fee unless we winning

## 559-713-0159

Home

About

Personal Injury

Case Results

FAQ

Blog

Contact

 __MAIN NAVIGATION

X Close

## Personalized Legal Representation by Compassionate,  
Dedicated and Experienced Attorneys

## Personalized Legal Representation by Compassionate,  
Dedicated and Experienced Attorneys

Get a Free Consultation __

## Personal Injury

Car Accidents

Truck Accidents

Motorcycle Accidents

Drunk Driving Accidents

Distracted Driving Accidents

Uninsured/Underinsured Motorist Claim

Rear-End Collisions

Dangerous Stop Signs/Accident Locations

Bicycle And Pedestrian Accidents

Medical Malpractice

Birth Injuries

Traumatic Brain Injuries

Burn Injuries

Spinal Injuries/Amputations

Slip And Fall

Animal-Related Injuries

Wrongful Death

Elder Abuse/Nursing Home Claims

 __PERSONAL INJURY

X Close

VISIT OUR BLOG

Read More __

FAQ

Find answers to some of the most often-asked questions regarding personal
injury.

Read More __

REVIEW US __

# Case Results

 **Successful Case Results At Nelson & Rozier In Visalia, California.**

We are a personal injury firm with experience providing effective,
compassionate representation. On this page, you can find brief descriptions of
a few of the successful results our firm has achieved.

If you need an attorney and would like to schedule a free consultation, call
us today at 559-713-0159 or contact our office online.

 **Apple Valley Nursing Home Death:** When this nursing home resident was sent
unescorted to a medical appointment she was dependent on oxygen tanks and
other assistance. While waiting for a ride home she fell from her wheelchair
and suffered what became fatal injuries. The family received a large
settlement approaching $1 million.

 **Asbestos Settlement:** After a lifetime in the sheetrock business this
hardworking family man developed mesothelioma which rapidly took his life. His
surviving children made trust fund claims in excess of $1 million.

 **Exploding Truck Tire:** A trucking company failed to properly maintain and
inspect their trucks, resulting in the brakes on one of their trucks catching
fire as it traveled down Highway 99. When it pulled into a truck yard, the
tire exploded, breaking several bones in a bystander’s right hand. After a
week long jury trial, the jury awarded the bystander almost $400,000.

 **Bass Lake Sheriff Hits CHP:** When two emergency vehicles collided at Bass
Lake a car wrapped around a tree and went up in flames. The occupant was
pulled safely out yet sustained serious personal injuries. After a one week
trial, a verdict of several hundred thousand dollars resulted.

 **Pedestrian Injured at Tulare County Fairgrounds:** A pedestrian was walking
along the sidewalk of the Tulare County Fairgrounds building and did not
notice the sudden drop off causing her to fall forward and land on her
shoulder. There was no warning or guard rail. She tore her rotator cuff. The
case settled for $220,000.

 **Woman Attacked By Three Dogs:** An woman arrived to her home when she was
attacked by three dogs who had escaped from her neighbor’s backyard. Dog bite
injuries were so severe that she spent several days in the hospital. The case
settled for $297,000.

 **Cervical Fusion:** The defendant ran a stop sign at high speed, injuring
our client, who later had to undergo a cervical fusion on her neck. The case
settled for $350,000.

 **Stairway Collapse:** Our client heard noises from a dilapidated barn and
went to investigate. Upon coming down from the top of the wooden stairway of
the barn, two of the wooden steps gave way causing a gash in his left leg. The
injury to his left leg caused hematoma, swelling, and a MRSA infection,
requiring surgery. The case settled for $210,000.

 **In Utero Injury:** Our pregnant client was hit by a water truck near
Lindsay resulting in injury to her unborn child. We were able to demonstrate
the connection to the accident and a large recovery resulted. $766,196.

 **Highway 41 Accident:** A family on the way to the family house in Cambia
hydroplaned across Highway 41 and struck two vehicles. Our client was in the
second vehicle. She witnessed the death of her niece and also shattered her
foot. We were able to show that the California Department of Transportation
was liable for an improper slope in the roadway which was noted in their own
documents. $582,500.

 **Big Rig Accident:** Two farm produce haulers were barreling northbound on
Highway 99 near Merced when one vehicle made a sudden lane change in front of
my client. Our client was run off the road and fractured his spine. We were
able to show that this was a hit-and-run accident although there had been no
contact between the vehicles. A substantial settlement resulted. $375,000.

 **Brain Damage:** Plaintiff was driving a farm vehicle service truck north of
Visalia when four farm laborers in their employer’s truck ran a stop sign at
full speed. Mr. Will’s mental capacity was severely affected and a large
monthly settlement was negotiated. Lifetime Annuity.

 **Driver Blows Stop Sign:** Plaintiff injured her neck when another driver
blew a stop sign and collided with her. Plaintiff treated with a chiropractor
for one month after the accident, but stopped treating and tried to go about
her life. After over seven months, the pain was too great for her to continue
her daily activities, and she resumed treatment. She then discovered that she
had a bulging disc and nerve root impingement in her neck. We were able to
settle her case for the other driver’s policy limit of $250,000.

 **Grandmother Bitten By Dog:** While babysitting a friend’s child, a
grandmother was bitten by a German Shepherd. The dog bit the woman twice, once
on her thigh and once on her groin. The bite on the thigh required 9 stitches
to close. Her medical bills totaled just over $1,000. We were able to settle
the case for $200,000.

 **Merced Restaurant:** Our elderly client fell while exiting a Merced
restaurant and fractured her arm. We were able to prove a building code
violation in reference to a handrail and recover for her loss. $55,000.

 **Wal-Mart:** Again this case involved an elderly female who this time was
shopping after church on a Sunday for a toy for her grandchild. She fell over
some merchandise that had been left protruding into the aisle. Initially, Wal-
Mart took the position that merchandise is never stacked on the floor. After
several visits to the store to photograph their constant state of upheaval and
chaos, the case settled. $115,000.

 **Motorcycle Accident:** Our client was riding his motorcycle westbound on
Mineral King in Visalia just east of Highway 198 when an elderly gentleman
exiting the freeway cut across 3 lanes of traffic to make a right turn
directly into his path. Severe injuries resulted. We demonstrated that the
California Vehicle code requires a right turn from the lane farthest to the
right and that therefore the driver was in violation of the law.

 **Bicycle Accident:** Our client was commuting home on his bicycle one night
when he was picked off on the shoulder of the road by a driver who claimed
that the bike “came out of nowhere.” Our client injured his fingers in the
accident and required several surgeries. We were able to establish the
negligence of the driver. $50,000.

 **Unruly Dogs:** Our client was riding his bicycle along the St. John’s
Parkway in Visalia when a dog got under his wheels causing him to fall. The
dog was running loose in violation of Visalia’s leash ordinance and a recovery
resulted. $25,000.

 **Porterville Motorcycle Accident:** A loan broker out seeking business made
a turn directly into the leg of a motorcycle rider who at that moment was
passing on her left. Traumatic brain injury and an amputated leg resulted. The
settlement was in the mid seven figures.

 **Rear-Ender On 99:** When this claimant slowed on Highway 99 near Visalia he
was run over by a commuter whose vehicle threw his motorcycle and his body
hundreds of feet forward. Multiple fractures resulted. Settlement near
$1,000,000 resulted.

 **Dog Ran Into Path Of Cyclist:** A cyclist riding in rural Kings County went
head over heels when a dog jumped into his path. Two surgeries later the case
settled for almost $200,000.

Note: Past successes are not a guarantee of a future result. Results will vary
depending on the circumstances of your case.

VISIT OUR BLOG

Read More __

FAQ

Find answers to some of the most often-asked questions regarding personal
injury.

Read More __

REVIEW US __

## How Can We Help You?

Fields marked with an * are required.

Disclaimer | Privacy Policy

I Have Read The Disclaimer *

Send Your Information Today

## Keep In Touch

100 Willow Plaza

Suite 401

Visalia, CA 93291

Phone: 559-713-0159 __

  

Fax: 559-713-0166 __

Map & Direction __

© 2022 Nelson Rozier & Christenson. All Rights Reserved.

Disclaimer | Site Map | Privacy Policy

