Skip to content

![Abend & Silber, PLLC](https://www.abendsilber.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/12/Screen-Shot-2015-12-11-at-2.56.14-PM-1.png)

  * __

444 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10022

  * __

212-532-7575

Free Case Consultation

  * __Hire Us

__

  * Home
  * Practice Areas
    * Medical Malpractice
    * Personal Injury
    * NY Child Victims Act
    * Motor Vehicle Accidents
    * Construction Accidents
    * Premises Liability
  * Attorneys
    * Richard H. Abend
    * Josh Silber
    * Jessica Levitas
  * Case Results
    * NY Medical Malpractice Case Results
    * Motor Vehicle Accident Case Results
    * Premises Liability Results
  * News
  * Resources
  * Contact Us

________

  * ![](https://www.abendsilber.com/wp-content/plugins/revslider/admin/assets/images/transparent.png)

![Abend-Silber-lawyers-home](https://www.abendsilber.com/wp-
content/uploads/2016/05/Abend-Silber-lawyers-home.jpg)

![](https://www.abendsilber.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/badges-2.png)

## Top Rated Lawyers & Firm

We have more than 30 years in combined experience helping

injury victims and their families.

Free Consultation

  * ![Abend-Silber-NYC](https://www.abendsilber.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/Abend-Silber-120-e1445898789231.jpg)

## New York Personal Injury Lawyers

We are a New York personal injury law firm with a long history of obtaining
excellent results

in New York personal injury cases and New York medical malpractice cases.

Learn More

  * ![Courts Etc 6 2008 061](https://www.abendsilber.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/Courts-Etc-6-2008-061.jpg)

## NY Medical Malpractice Attorneys

Our New York medical malpractice attorneys & New York personal injury
attorneys

are admitted to the bars of New York, New Jersey, Connecticut and Florida.

Learn More

  * ![Richard-Abend](https://www.abendsilber.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/Abend-Silber-45-e1449694184741.jpg)

## Meet Richard Abend

Richard H. Abend is a premier trial lawyer,

focusing on personal injury law.

View Profile

  * ![josh-silber-nyc](https://www.abendsilber.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/Abend-Silber-60-e1445898625874.jpg)

## Meet Josh Silber

Josh Silber is a NYC lawyer and chairman

of the law firm Abend & Silber. He has been involved

in various high-profile cases in the United States.

View Profile

## NY Personal Injury Law Firm

At Abend & Silber, we have more than 30 years of combined experience helping
injury victims and their families.

Our personal injury lawyers are dedicated solely to representing people who
have experienced a serious or catastrophic injury.

At Abend & Silber we represent real people with real problems. Our attention
to detail sets us apart from other New York personal injury lawyers. If you or
a family member has been injured by the negligence of another and you seek
representation from an experienced New York personal injury law firm, please
call our offices today for a free consultation.

![](https://www.abendsilber.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/01/Health_Care-500x300.jpg)

### Medical Malpractice

If a health care professional provides care that is substandard and causes
injury or death to a patient, they may be liable to the patient or the
patient’s family for medical malpractice or wrongful death. We can help you
understand what happened and we’re happy to answer any questions you might
have.

Read More

![](https://www.abendsilber.com/wp-
content/uploads/revslider/home1/Bicycle_Accidents-500x300.jpg)

### Personal Injury

If you or a loved one have been hurt as a result of someone’s negligence, you
may be entitled to compensation for your pain and suffering, medical expenses,
lost wages or other damages. If you’ve been injured in a car crash or had an
accident on someone’s property, you should contact a lawyer immediately to
learn your rights.

Read More

## Working With Excellent Attorneys

![](https://www.abendsilber.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/badges-2.png)

### _no win. no fee._

# **PAY NOTHING UNLESS WE WIN YOUR CASE**

Free Case Evaluation

## Free Case Evaluation

The personal injury attorneys at Abend & Silber have the compassion and trial
lawyer skills to tell your story to a jury.

We will get to know you and your family so that we can help the jury
understand what has happened to you and your family and how it has changed
your lives.

I referred a personal injury case to Abend & Silber and they did an amazing
job. They got our client a great settlement and did so in a relatively quick
manner. Thanks Richard and Josh for doing such a great job.

Matthew W.

Abend & Silber get the results you need! This New York personal injury law
firm makes clients feel comfortable. Their entire office is amazing and always
keeps you updated.

DG S.

Δ

### About Our Law Firm

Abend & Silber is a full service law firm with a core litigation practice. At
the heart of our litigation practice, we represent individuals injured by
medical malpractice, car accidents, and premises accidents including
construction accidents, slip and fall accidents or workplace accidents.

### Recent News

  * Grieving Families Act - A modern day amendment to New York's Wrongful Death Law

  * ![](https://www.abendsilber.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/07/JAA-A-S-1-150x150.jpg) 5 New Lawsuits Add Depth to Doctor Reginald Archibald’s Legacy of Child Sexual Abuse at Rockefeller University Hospital

### Contact Info

__

444 Madison Avenue, 6th Floor  
New York, NY 10022

__

(212) 532-7575

__

info [at] abendsilber.com

### Search

Search for:

© Copyright 2023 Abend & Silber, PLLC | Attorney Advertising | Prior results
do not guarantee a similar outcome

  * Our Attorneys
  * Case Results
  * Disclaimer

__

