Close Menu

  * Home
  * Call
  * Email
  * Search
  * Menu

![NYC Employment Lawyer](https://www.newyorkcity-employmentlawyer.com/wp-
content/themes/mansell-2020/img/logos/main.png)

  * Home
  * Attorneys
    * Greg Mansell
    * Carrie Dyer
  * Unpaid Wage Law
    * Class & Collective Actions
    * Frequent Wage Violations
    * Meals & Breaks
    * Misclassification
    * Overtime Laws
    * Overtime Exemptions
    * Unpaid Overtime
    * Unpaid Minimum Wage
  * Employment Laws
    * Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA)
    * Discrimination
    * Employment Contracts
    * Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA)
    * Family & Medical Leave Act (FMLA)
    * Harassment
    * Hostile Work Environment
    * LGBTQ Discrimination
    * Military Discrimination (USERRA)
    * Non-Compete & Non-Solicitation Agreements
    * Reasonable Accommodations
    * Religious Discrimination
    * Retaliation
    * Severance Review & Negotiations
    * Sex Discrimination
    * Sexual Harassment
    * Wrongful Termination
    * Whistleblower
  * FAQs
  * Results
  * Testimonials
  * Blog
  * Contact Us

Call Today For A Free Consultation 646-921-8900

New York Employment Lawyer

SCHEDULE A FREE CONSULTATION

NYC Employment Lawyer > Attorneys > Carrie Dyer

![Headshot](/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/Carrie-Dyer-scaled.jpg)

# Carrie Dyer

Carrie is a partner with Mansell Law. Carrie believes consistent communication
is essential to ensure her clients feel comfortable navigating the legal
process. Her discipline and dedication allow her to provide competent
representation to clients throughout the state of New York.

Carrie represents clients in a wide variety of employment law matters,
including cases involving disability discrimination and failure to
accommodate; sexual harassment and hostile work environment; age
discrimination; ERISA employee benefits appeals and litigation; race and
ethnicity discrimination; among others. Carrie also works with clients to
review and negotiate employment contracts, severance agreements, and non-
compete agreements. A portion of her practice is dedicated to working on wage
and hour litigation, including matters arising under the Fair Labor Standards
Act and New York wage and hour laws, including collective action and class
action lawsuits. Carrie represents clients in jury trials, arbitrations, and
mediations in front of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.

Carrie has been recognized by U.S. News Best Lawyers: Best Lawyers in America
for 2021 and 2022 for her work as an employment lawyer in Columbus, Ohio
representing employees. Additionally, Mansell Law has been recognized as one
the Best Law Firms in America by the same publication for the past four
consecutive years (2020-2023).

Carrie is also licensed to practice in Ohio, where she has been recognized as
one the top employment lawyers in the State. Carrie has been selected to be
included on the Ohio Super Lawyers, Rising Stars list for seven consecutive
years between 2016-2023. The selection includes only the top 2.5% of attorneys
in the state of Ohio, as chosen by her peers.

Carrie grew up in Akron, Ohio. She earned her undergraduate degree from
Wittenberg University, where she studied psychology and competed on the
women’s basketball team for four years. Carrie received her J.D., summa cum
laude, from Capital University Law School. She served two years on the Capital
University Law Review.

If you want serious, aggressive representation from a New York Employment
Attorney, contact Carrie@MansellLawLLC.com

## Recognition

  * U.S. News: Best Lawyers in America – 2021-2023
  * U.S. News: Best Law Firms – 2020-2023
  * Super Lawyers – 2016 – 2023

  * ![Carrie Dyer Super Lawyers 2021](/wp-content/uploads/2021/01/carrie-sl-2021.png)
  * ![Super Lawyers](/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/CJD-Superlawyer-badge-1-cropped.png)

Share This Page:

![Facebook](https://d78c52a599aaa8c95ebc-9d8e71b4cb418bfe1b178f82d9996947.ssl.cf1.rackcdn.com/dsk_sharing/icons/ftlg_16.png)
![Twitter](https://d78c52a599aaa8c95ebc-9d8e71b4cb418bfe1b178f82d9996947.ssl.cf1.rackcdn.com/dsk_sharing/icons/ftlg_16.png)
![LinkedIn](https://d78c52a599aaa8c95ebc-9d8e71b4cb418bfe1b178f82d9996947.ssl.cf1.rackcdn.com/dsk_sharing/icons/ftlg_16.png)

Unpaid Wage Law

  * Unpaid Overtime
  * Unpaid Minimum Wage
  * Overtime Exemptions
  * Misclassification
  * Meals and Breaks
  * Frequent Wage Violations by Industry
  * Class and Collective Actions 

Employment Laws

  * Family & Medical Leave Act (FMLA)
  * Hostile Work Environment
  * Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA)
  * Discrimination
  * Retaliation
  * Wrongful Termination
  * Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA)
  * Employment Contracts
  * Harassment
  * Severance Review & Negotiations
  * Non-Compete & Non-Solicitation Agreements
  * Military Discrimination (USERRA)
  * Whistleblower
  * Reasonable Accommodations

Testimonials

“I was very nervous about finding an attorney when I lost my job. After
searching for quite some time Mr. Mansell came to me highly recommended. From
the first time we met and throughout my case Greg kept me well informed. The
attorney-client communication was astonishing as he personally contacted me
with frequent updates. I felt like he was a personal friend and I was quite
comfortable during our various meetings. I felt like he personally cared about
my case and he fought for me.I always knew he was on my side and he never
backed down. He was very ...”

Denise V., Nurse Manager

“Greg is an excellent employment attorney and I would strongly recommend him
to anyone, especially those closest to me. His assistance was essential to
gaining a quick approval in my recent Long Term Disability claim, due to the
extensive and complex medical background! A little over a year ago I had an
initial consultation with Greg to discuss an issue with my employer not
responding to my ADA requests. I was so impressed with his expertise,
confidence, and passion towards advocacy. There was no question who I was
going to hire for my upcoming LTD...”

Emaly Littlefield, Approval of Long Term Disability Benefits

“Mr. Mansell helped not only me but my family in a time of need. He was
extremely helpful, knowledgeable, and caring. I was in an unfortunate
situation due to no fault of my own. Mr. Mansell was willing to go the extra
mile to help me with legal matters when I felt helpless. I would strongly
recommend him to anyone. Thank you Mr. Mansell.”

Mike D., Disabled Veteran, Disability Discrimination

“Mr. Mansell did a tremendous job walking me through the process – counseling
me – and making me feel comfortable about my deposition was great! Thanks
again!”

R.W., Age Discrimination

“I owe my job to Mr. Mansell’s work. When I came to him, the writing was on
the wall that I would be terminated and I felt there was nothing I could do.
Mr. Mansell took an aggressive approach and made my employer back down. It
saved my job and let me sleep at night. I really can’t say enough about his
approach and knowledge. He truly cares about helping the individuals.”

M.L., Gender Discrimination

![NYC Employment Lawyer](https://www.newyorkcity-employmentlawyer.com/wp-
content/themes/mansell-2020/img/logos/main.png)

85 8th Ave, 6M, New York, NY 10011  Get Directions

  

646-921-8900

  *   *   *   * 

(C) 2020 - 2024 Mansell Law, LLC. All rights reserved.

  * Site Map
  * Disclaimer

ATTORNEY ADVERTISING

