  * Free Case Evaluation: **(973) 845-9922** Tap Here to Call Us 

![Logo of Lenzo & Reis, LLC](/images/justia-newjerseyemploymentattorneys-
com.png)Lenzo & Reis, LLC Home

Contact Lenzo & Reis, LLC

  * Home
  * About Us
    * Firm News
    * Mentions
  * Attorney Profiles
  * Practice Areas
  * Results
  * Client Reviews
  * Articles
  * COVID-19
  * Contact Us

![Attorneys Photo](/images/backpages/1300.jpg)

We Fight As Hard As You Work

We help all kinds of employees with legal issues in the workplace.

Contact Us Now For a Free Case Evaluation

**$5 million** Executive  
Severance Pay

**$4 million** Whistleblower  
Retaliation

**$1.5 million** Retaliation

**$1.2 million** Whistleblower  
Retaliation

**$1.1 million** Age  
Discrimination

**$1 million** Gender  
Discrimination

![Justia Lawyer Rating](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Super Lawyers](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Super Lawyers](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Best Lawyers - Lawyer of the Year](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Best Lawyers - Lawyer of the Year](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Best Lawyers](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Best Lawyers](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Best Lawyers](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![NELA](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![NELA/NJ](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![New Jersey State Bar](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![NJAJ](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![NJAWBO](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![AAS](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![New Jersey Woman Lawyers](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Palcus](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![badge](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Best Law Firms 2023](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Best Lawyers 2023 - Claudia A.](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Best Lawyers 2023 - Christopher P. Lenzo](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Best Lawyers 2023 - Claudia A.](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Best Law Firms - Regional Tier 1 Badge](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

Home

Client Reviews

# Client Reviews

**Client Reviews from Avvo.com** **GAC**

Christoper Lenzo is a great lawyer. He effectively and successfully
represented my interests. I greatly appreciated his clear analysis of my
circumstances, as well as his strong communication skills-he always kept me up
to date regarding my case I would recommend him.

\- **_Anthony_**

* * *

I had great experience working with Chris. He is very professional, confident,
detailed oriented. He was on top of the entire process and always kept me
informed. Was great working with such professional.

\- **_Michael_**

* * *

Chris was informative, helpful, patient and always professional with me, the
court and his adversary. He handled some "thorny" issues skillfully.

\- **_Gary_**

* * *

 **Clear Analysis, Strong Communication Skills & Skilled Negotiator **

Christoper Lenzo is a superb lawyer. He effectively and successfully
represented my interests. I greatly appreciated his clear analysis of my
circumstances, as well as his strong communication skills - he always kept me
in the loop regarding my case. Perhaps most importantly, he is a skilled
negotiator. I would recommend him to any family member or friend seeking legal
counsel.

\- **_Kathleen_ **

* * *

**Professionalism, Integrity, and Determination. Outstanding Representation!**

Chris Lenzo did an outstanding job in my employment discrimination case. He
responded to my questions in a timely fashion, provided clear communication
through each step of the process, and handled my case in an honest and
straight forward manner. Chris's expertise in employment law along with his
hard work ensured justice would prevail in my case and got me the compensation
I deserved. Likewise, Chris's law firm staff was professional, courteous,
organized, and effective. I highly recommend Chirs Lenzo's firm to anyone with
an employment legal matter in New Jersey or New York.

\- _**Sofia** _

* * *

**Great Guidance**

I met with Claudia shortly after being fired from a position I'd held for 12
years. She helped me with the shock by walking me through my experience of
being employed by the company. She was looking for a basis of action. for me,
it was therapeutic to recount the incidents that led to my termination. Her
objectivity helped me see the ways in which my employer hadn't supported my
success (to put it nicely). I found myself using much stronger language during
the session.

Claudia clearly laid out my possible courses of action, the probability of
each, the potential rewards and risks as well as her compensation structure. I
knew that whatever course I chose, I would have a strong and concerned
advocate on my side.

I highly recommend Claudia.

\- _**Anonymous** _

* * *

**Exactly What I was Looking for**

Chris and his firm are exactly what I was looking for in representation. He
came highly recommended to me and exceeded my expectations. Most of all I
wanted someone to represent me fairly and honestly, and be dependableâ€¦ do what
he says he would and when. He walked me through the process and was very
patient with me when he needed to be, and direct when he needed to be. He and
his firm were more than I could've wanted. I highly recommend him!.

* * *

 **Offered Guidance and Support at any Time of the Day**

My consultation was an extremely thorough process where I really saw how
compassionate and detailed a person she was; she explained in great detail the
risks, rewards and expectations of the process I was entering into. I was
going through a very difficult time with my past employer, and she was there
to offer guidance and support at any time of the day. My case was settled in a
very timely manner, and I am very happy with the outcome. I would not hesitate
to use her services again and highly recommend her without reservation.

\- _**Steve** _

* * *

**I Highly Recommend Mr. Lenzo**

Mr. Lenzo handled an employment matter for me and negotiated a very favorable
severance package. During my first meeting with him, he provided me with a
realistic expectation of the potential outcome, and we ended up about where he
had predicted. Although I'm sure he would be the first to say that there are
no guarantees in legal matters, in my particular case he was right on. Mr.
Lenzo made the entire process relatively painless and almost stress-free for
me, which was especially important because I was dealing with health issues at
the time. Mr. Lenzo's fees were very reasonable and he delivered great value
for the money. I highly recommend Mr. Lenzo

* * *

 **Head and Shoulders Above Her Peers**

Claudia helped me through one of the darkest periods of my life when I felt
stripped of all my professional and personal dignity. My personal
circumstances of being a single mom were even used to threatened me by my
former employer to harm my family. She was compassionate, empathetic and
straight-shooting.

Her insight into the very complicated legal process was something that could
be trusted and relied upon. She is very hardworking.

Claudia stands head and shoulders above her peers. I met with seven attorney
groups prior to selecting her. She earned my trust by demonstrating good
judgment and professional integrity consistently. My matter was resolved only
because she stood by my side fighting with the tenacity of a warrior. The size
of the corporation did not intimidate her.

My family and I are so thankful to Claudia for protecting us from the
proverbial corporate bullying. She gave us the gift of peace of mind and a
clean slate to be able to move forward in a positive healthy path.

\- _**S.S.** _

* * *

**You 're in the Best Hands **

It's stressful when you find yourself in a position of needing an employment
lawyer but working with Chris made a difficult situation that much better.
Chris is one of the smartest, most thorough and well-spoken people I have ever
met and it was a blessing to have him in my corner. He communicates well and
is very responsive. He truly has his client's best interest at heart. I would
recommend Chris in a heartbeat and know that anyone who works with him will
have the same positive experience that I did.

\- _**Jessica**_

* * *

 **She was Always There for Me**

Claudia Reis and the firm were excellent. Ms. Reis was always helpful,
completely trustworthy, professional, knowledgeable, dependable, always there
when I needed her, and helpful in every way even outside of the legal matter
regarding my mental state during this trying time in my life. She always
answered all of my questions quickly, professionally and honestly, which is a
great help when going through a job loss. She kept me calm and able to make
decisions regarding my legal matter even when I felt I was unable to make any
decisions on my own. When feeling unable and not confident to make any
decisions regarding my legal decisions, she was always extending herself
beyond what I have ever seen any attorney do in order to explain everything
simply and accurately, enabling me to make the right choices for my matter,
and always showing concern for me on a personal level. She proved to be
exceptionally knowledgeable in her area of employment law and was aggressive
during depositions, etc., proving successful in every aspect.

Many attorneys are only coldly concerned with a resolution of a legal matter,
but Ms. Reis' concern was absolutely my outcome, my comfort and happiness with
my case. She was always there for me and kept in contact with me regularly to
make sure everything was well with me and my issues, which was very
comforting. I can't say enough about how wonderful she was regarding her
expertise with the legal issues, and also her great ability to make me feel
secure during such a bad time in my life. I recommend Ms. Reis highly. She
always went above and beyond making sure that I was always in the best
position legally, and that I always felt secure and confident, because I truly
was in a very bad state of mind prior to her representing me. Her experience
and expertise are evidenced in her success in her exceptional career. She
always took that extra step for me.

\- _**Valerie**_

* * *

 **Age Discrimination Claim**

Before the initial consultation with Chris, he and his staff carefully
reviewed my information to ensure there was a sound basis for a claim. I very
much appreciated this time taken to avoid any false expectations. Once I met
with Chris he clearly set a reasonable goal for me. With that being said,
Chris worked diligently, confidently and very professionally to achieve the
desired outcome. I am beyond pleased and highly recommend Chris and his team.

\- _**Anonymous**_

* * *

 **Right Away She Puts Me at Ease**

My first consultation with Claudia, I was very upset about a 14-year job I was
let go from. Right away she put me at ease about my situation. Everything was
settled in a timely manner and with great results.

\- **_Mary_**

* * *

 **This is an Attorney You Want on Your Side**

This is an attorney you want on your side. Chris is a very direct, no-
nonsense, strategic thinker. I always felt as though Chris worked on
everything in my best interest. Chris is very responsive. If I emailed or
called Chris with a question, I always received an answer or reply promptly or
on the same day. Chris always took the time to explain things to me. I would
strongly recommend Chris Lenzo.

\- _**A Satisfied Client**_

* * *

 **Professional and Knowledgeable Attorney**

At what was supposed to be the highest point in my career suddenly became the
most harassing and lowest point of my career and I was passed over for a
promotion. Not because the other person was more qualified than I was, but
because I followed the law and did the right thing and the people I worked for
did not like that. After researching several attorneys, my wife and I found
Claudia, and the decision to retain her was the best decision we ever made.
After explaining our case to Claudia, we found that she was not only extremely
professional but a very caring human being. Throughout the entire process of
our case, Claudia was there with us every step of the way. She explained every
single proceeding that we had to go through and guided us, not only as a
professional attorney in and out of court, but personally as a caring and
understanding person. Because of her extensive working knowledge of employment
and labor laws, Claudia was able to successfully resolve our case. My wife and
I will always be extremely grateful for Claudia's hard work and dedication,
and we highly recommend Claudia Reis to anyone seeking an attorney who
practices in employment and labor laws.

\- _**John**_

* * *

 **I Give Chris My Highest Recommendation**

Going through a lawsuit can be a very emotional time. And without going
through the specifics of my lawsuit, I felt that my reputation was on the
line. Chris Lenzo was recommended to me by a co-worker. The initial
consultation fee seemed very high, and I knew that other attorneys would meet
with me for free. So after consideration, I did choose to meet with Chris. And
he was worth every penny! Chris was so knowledgeable and professional that I
immediately felt at ease. I never once had any worries throughout the entire
duration of my lawsuit. I felt so prepared knowing that I had the best lawyer
on my side. Chris had thousands of documents relating to my case that he
sorted and scanned. He knew what to request and what documents we had a legal
right to have. He was an expert on the intricacies of the law. We never made
it to a courtroom and ended up settling out of court. (And I was very happy
with my settlement â€¦) But more importantly, I never felt pressured to make any
decisions. Chris always informed me of all of my options and left all of the
decisions up to me. A good friend once told me that you make people
accountable for their behavior by making them pay with their wallets. And I
found this to be true. I give Chris my highest recommendation. If you ever
need a qualified lawyer, Chris is truly the best!

\- _**A Wrongful Termination Client**_

* * *

 **Claudia Always Made Me Feel That I was Her Only Client**

Except for buying our home, I had never had cause to hire a lawyer.
Unfortunately for me, that changed. I was lucky enough to find Claudia! She
helped me through this most difficult time. She is a walking legal
encyclopedia, incredibly knowledgeable in the field of employment law. She is
completely accessible; I always felt (and often did) that I could pick up the
phone and call her about any question or concern. She made sure that I was
comfortable with all tactics, language and terms.

My case was complicated and emotionally charged. As busy as she was, Claudia
always made me feel that I was her only client. I cannot recommend her highly
enough! If you need an employment law attorney, Claudia Reis is the way to go.
She is smart, tough, tireless and compassionate! I could not be happier with
the services provided.

\- _**Brian**_

* * *

 **Passion and Responsiveness**

I hired Chris Lenzo after talking to three attorneys, because of his passion
and responsiveness. He has an excellent record of dedicated service and proven
results. It was his strong belief in my conviction that I was wrongfully
terminated that tipped my decision. Throughout the process, through to
resolution, Chris responded quickly to my inquiries until I understood the
legal aspects of the matters at hand, and he leveraged my expertise of the
subject matter and the other parties involved. When an unusual legal issue,
unrelated to my termination, arose outside of his primary expertise, he sought
additional legal counsel to help both of us understand the situation. He
delivered stellar support during the final phase of the resolution of the
matter, demonstrating his strong passion and commitment to my case, knowing
when to listen and knowing when to argue and fight for my cause. Because of
his strong passion and championship, I was absolutely satisfied with the
outcome and believe together we achieved justice for a clear case of wrongful
termination.

\- _**Anonymous**_

* * *

 **Claudia 's Character is a Rare Find **

Claudia is very knowledgeable in her field and actually took the time to
research other areas of the law to provide the most accurate information about
our case. What makes her a great attorney is how candid she is with her
clients; from day one, she was very honest about the risks and benefits of
litigation -- there were never any unrealistic expectations nor unexpected
surprises. What sets her apart is her level of humanity -- she respects all
cultural differences and works patiently through language barriers. Claudia's
character is a rare find within the legal profession.

\- _**Tatyana**_

* * *

 **Worth Every Penny**

I met with Mr. Lenzo at a very challenging time in my career, but did not know
the proper ways to handle this. He spent almost three hours at my initial
visit, studying and clarifying the paper trail that I had brought him. That's
where it became obvious that he listens, reads, converses, empathizes, all
with a clear, undistracted brain.

His writing is very effective: tight, intelligent, strong and a matter of
fact. He stated his/my case so succinctly and so firmly. I knew this would be
settled.

I was so impressed that he would reach out to me immediately with updates, so
that, with his guidance, I could make intelligent decisions. Mr. Lenzo also
very much understood that the stress of this situation was really hurting me,
so he was reassuring me and getting things done as quickly as possible.

If you need an attorney to help you with employment issues, you have found
your lawyer. Worth every penny. Many, many thanks, Chris!

\- _**C.D**._

* * *

 **She Really Gave Me My Life Back**

One of the most difficult and trying times of my life led me to seek the
services of an employment attorney. From our initial meeting, Claudia's
enthusiasm for her area of expertise was apparent. You can tell when someone
is just going through the motions and when they genuinely care about what they
do. Claudia left no stone unturned. She was there for me every step of the
long way. Claudia encouraged my input and welcomed my questions. Most
importantly she made me feel safer -- nothing like knowing you have someone in
your corner. If you need an employment attorney and you don't at least consult
with Claudia, I think you are doing yourself a disservice. Claudia took my
case through to a successful conclusion. She really gave me my life back.

\- _**Theresa**_

* * *

 **He Ran Circles Around the Opposition**

Without previous experience in military law, Mr. Lenzo brilliantly developed a
legal argument that successfully gave standing to uniformed soldiers to sue
the military in a civilian court of law. Mr. Lenzo's legal acumen and
reasoning are absolutely first-rate and he ran circles around the opposition.
Moreover, Mr. Lenzo demonstrates both an earnestness and empathy for his
clients that is uncommonly found. I give Chris Lenzo my highest
recommendation!

\- _**Robert**_

* * *

 **Understanding, Compassionate and Complete Pit Bull**

Claudia is the perfect combination of understanding and compassion, and then a
complete pit bull when the appropriate time comes. No matter what she is
doing, she always finds the time to answer or return your phone call. She has
an easy way about her that makes complex matters understandable without ever
being condescending.

My case involved a government organization that I worked for. I reported on
people who were doing the wrong things to the appropriate authorities
(admirable to most people). My employer fired me after finding out that I had
reported the wrongdoing (in essence they fired me for blowing the whistle).
Claudia was relentless in her preparation, and she never stopped working.
Claudia was there for me every step of the way and never took their answers to
be justified. Anytime the employer made any kind of move, Claudia would
immediately be firing off emails or rushing to court to file a motion. She
doesn't budge when she knows she's right. Claudia had the employer on their
heels from day one and they feared her. in the end, they gave me my job back,
all back pay and a promotion. They also paid Claudia's legal fees.

I've been told in order to win a case you need three things. You need a good
client, good facts for the case and a good attorney.

When you retain Claudia, you automatically start with one of those three, the
other two are up to you. in this day and age, your job is your life. When your
life is on the line, you want Claudia.

\- _**K.P.**_

* * *

 **I Cannot Say Enough Positive Things About Chris Lenzo**

I cannot say enough positive things about Chris Lenzo. As an extremely busy
attorney, his response time is quite remarkable. His knowledge of case law and
his experience with wrongful termination/discrimination lawsuits are
exceptional. He is honest and upfront and extremely realistic. We settled the
case in mediation. This case could have dragged on for a couple of years if we
continued to pursue the lawsuit, however, it would have been too emotionally
draining for my husband and I. I highly recommend Chris Lenzo should you need
an attorney for this type of case.

\- _**Kathy**_

* * *

 **Strong and Concerned Advocates**

Claudia clearly laid out my possible courses of action, the probability of
each, the potential rewards and risks as well as her compensation structure. I
knew that whatever course I chose, I would have a strong and concerned
advocate on my side.

I highly recommend Claudia.

\- **_Anonymous_**

* * *

 **I am Thoroughly Satisfied**

I was referred to Chris Lenzo by a very dear friend who is a prominent
employment attorney. Chris was introduced as a talented, accomplished
litigator who would bring energy and passion every day. He certainly did not
disappoint. Chris kept me in the loop and up to date every step of the way.
His entire staff was courteous and efficient. The settlement Chris was able to
orchestrate is right in line with the goals we established at the outset of my
lawsuit. I am thoroughly satisfied with the representation I received and will
confidently recommend him in the future.

\- **_Anonymous_**

* * *

 **Praiseworthy, Protective, Ethical, Competent, Diligent, Experienced and
Remarkable Professional**

I have worked with Ms. Reis and her firm for the past three years.

During the consultation process, you will immediately experience her
compassion as she offers suggestions and guides you through the difficult
situation you are dealing with. Her attention to detail, timely follow up and
candid manner ensured me that I was well-protected and represented.

Ms. Reis always went above and beyond to protect me legally. She is a very
strong and tough (when necessary) advocate for the individual she represents.
Her support staff is equally diligent.

I would recommend her without reservation.

\- **_Anne Marie_**

* * *

 **He is a Strong Advocate for the Employee**

Chris handled my executive employment discrimination claim against my former
employer. He was recommended by a trusted friend/attorney. From the initial
consultation through the final contact and case closing, Chris has been
excellent. He built a very strong case from the facts I provided and his deep
understanding of the laws associated with employment discrimination. His due
diligence in working through the process with corporate attorneys and their
outside counsel was very professional and effective. Chris's approach to
negotiation (aggressive but reasonable targets) was critical to us reaching a
settlement via mediation. This proved best for all parties. I am very pleased
with the service Chris and his firm provided along with the outcome. He is a
strong advocate for the employee, tenacious and follows through on execution.

\- **_A Client_**

* * *

 **Keeps the Client Informed**

Claudia Reis proves that a labor attorney can be aggressive in pursuing a
client's interests without being mean-spirited while doing it. She is pleasant
to work with, knowledgeable and keeps the client informed throughout the
process.

\- _**John**_

* * *

 **Settlement Above My Expectation**

From the first meeting, he was consistently attentive to listening and
understanding the facts of the case as I described it. Made sure I understood
the legal perspective (ours, opponents and the courts) when it came to
important aspects. Never overcomplicated situations that could have been drawn
out into the details. Always an appropriate communicator (not over not under).
I never felt "handled" (as I have by other attorneys in the past). And yes,
won a settlement that was above my expectation.

\- _**A Client**_

* * *

 **Exceptional Lawyer**

Ms. Reis is an exceptional lawyer. She approached my case in a compassionate
manner and has an amazing memory. When preparing for my deposition and trial,
she remembered details from our first meeting that I had forgotten. Ms. Reis
was very patient. She met with my husband and I on several occasions to
explain legal facts and processes so that we could make more informed
decisions. She is well-versed in mediation, arbitration and trial law. Ms.
Reis never gave us false hope, but laid out each option available to us. She
is a very strong lawyer who can confidently advocate for her clients with
adversaries that are less than cooperative. I was kept up to date with all
motions, attorney contacts and changes in the case. I was immediately
forwarded any email communications and all court documents. Ms. Reis also kept
me abreast of any developments, which I have been told is quite rare to find
in an attorney.

\- _**An Employment Client**_

* * *

 **A Lawyer 's Lawyer! **

Having recently concluded a case with Chris, and having practiced law for over
30 years in more than one state, I can attest to the fact that Chris
represents the "upper range" of the top 1 percent of the practicing employment
lawyers in his field. Representing a fellow lawyer can be a pain in the ***,
but Chris was dead-on in his advice, his knowledge, and at times, his
demeanor, and helped me through a difficult time and case. I wholeheartedly
recommend him to others needing a great employment lawyer!

\- **_Mark_**

* * *

 **Claudia Reis is a Consummate Professional**

Claudia Reis is a consummate professional, and I would highly recommend this
law firm. After a few other subpar experiences with legal counsel, I was so
relieved to be represented by someone who was responsive to my needs and who
met those needs with the ultimate attention to detail. Such expertise,
professionalism and high-quality service are unparalleled. I would feel
comfortable recommending this firm with no reservations.

\- _**Robin A.**_

* * *

 **A Force to be Reckoned With**

I've been employed in the legal field since the '90s; it is vital to have a
formidable attorney. Mr. Lenzo is proficient, perceptive and strategic.

Mr. Lenzo understood that this was not just another case; it was my life, my
livelihood â€¦ When the multibillion-dollar corporation "threatened" me, Mr.
Lenzo without hesitation put the fear of God in them. The multibillion-dollar
corporation knew it was best for them to wave the white flag and concede. My
case was settled in less than two months.

If you desire favorable results and want the adversary to surrender, look no
further. Mr. Lenzo is A force to Be Reckoned With. I cannot thank Mr. Lenzo
and his colleagues enough for everything.

\- _**A Client** _

* * *

**Honest, Direct and Very Informed**

I contacted Ms. Reis' firm due to what I felt was an unfair termination; her
approach was honest, direct and very informed. Ms. Reis listened carefully and
was able to provide expert representation as well as being quite supportive of
our efforts. Throughout the process, I was guided by her experience and was
always kept up to date and informed of each step. Communication was clear,
specific and insightful, providing options and suggestions as appropriate as
well as potential outcomes. Although I hope I do not need her assistance
again, I would not hesitate in contacting her should the need arise.

\- _**Mark**_

* * *

 **An Attorney You Can Trust**

After my experience with Chris, it is clear that all of the reviewer comments
and accolades are well-deserved. All of this in addition to having been
selected as a top 100 Lawyer. The common thread and bottom line are the same,
knowledgeable, kind, competent, generous, tenacious, thorough and above all a
fantastic attorney. He was recommended to me by another highly rated attorney.
I would like to thank Chris for his insight and also highly recommend Chris!

\- **_Anonymous_**

* * *

 **Remarkable Professional**

I have worked with Ms. Reis and her firm for the past three years. During the
consultation process, you will immediately experience her compassion as she
offers suggestions and guides you through the difficult situation you are
dealing with. Her attention to detail, timely follow up and candid manner
ensured me that I was well-protected and represented. Ms. Reis always went
above and beyond to protect me legally. She is a very strong and tough (when
necessary) advocate for the individual she represents. Her support staff is
equally diligent. I would recommend her without reservation.

 _- **A.M.** _

* * *

**I was Comforted in Knowing That He was Fighting for Me**

I hired Mr. Lenzo in a wrongful termination case. I found him to be very
knowledgeable regarding wrongful termination and discrimination. He also was
an extremely quick study in learning about my industry and its unique issues.
His ability to drill down to the details while wading through a massive volume
of documents was very impressive. I also found Mr. Lenzo to be very tenacious
on my behalf, especially in deposing witnesses. I was comforted in knowing
that he was fighting for me. I also felt that he kept me informed every step
of the way. If you ever believe that you have been wrongfully terminated or
discriminated against in an employee-employer situation, and are considering
legal action, I recommend that you contact Mr. Lenzo. I was extremely
satisfied with his work and professional acumen.

\- **_A Wrongful Termination Client_**

* * *

 **She Made a Positive Impact**

I filed a complaint under the CEPA Act against my employer and consequently I
was terminated. I consulted with her as to my course of action. As a result I
retained her to pursue the matter. The matter was dealt with professionally,
and all options were clearly reviewed with me. I was able to make an informed
decision on every aspect of the proceedings. The most outstanding was the
attorney's caring attitude in terms that she wanted to serve my best interest.
The step-by-step process approach was done in a detailed and timely manner.
She explained things in layman's terms that were easily understood. The
outcome achieved was satisfactory and she made a positive impact which helped
me maintain justice. Her assistance with my unemployment benefit request was
successful as a direct result of her involvement and guidance. I was very
pleased with her excellent services as an attorney, and for this I am
extremely grateful to her.

\- **_O.G._**

* * *

 **I Would Recommend Chris with the Utmost Confidence**

I began working with Chris Lenzo after the occurrence of a particularly
egregious discriminatory act by an employer. My case ensued for over four and
a half years. in that time, the degree of skill, commitment and dedication
Chris gave to my case was unwavering. Chris was always respectful and always
responded to phone calls and emails promptly. He explained difficult nuances
of the law as they pertained to my case, and together we made critical
decisions. Along the way, we had a laugh or two, and in the end, negotiated a
substantial settlement.

Litigation is a difficult and emotionally painful process. The selection of an
attorney is the single most critical factor in determining success. I would
recommend Chris with the utmost confidence.

\- **_An Employment Client_**

* * *

 **Empathy and Kindness for Her Clients**

Claudia Reis is an exceptional lawyer with empathy and kindness for her
clients. Her sincere willingness to help work with our specific needs exceeded
our expectations. Her office staff was welcoming and helpful from the
beginning through the end of our process. We entered her office trepidatious
and nervous, and her warm smile and confidence immediately put us at ease. She
was forthright and honest with our choices and possible outcomes, enabling us
to make clear decisions. She was upfront with all financial aspects of our
case, including her costs as well as what could be expected down the line. She
was generous with her time, and her costs were very fair. Both she and her
staff responded quickly when contacted via email and acted quickly on all of
our requests. Ms. Reis' services were recommended to us by another lawyer. We
were fortunate to have found such a caring and expert advocate for our case.

\- **_A Client_**

* * *

 **Great Employment Attorney**

Chris is an excellent employment attorney. He is knowledgeable, experienced
and hardworking. He worked to negotiate a settlement almost four times greater
than the original offer made by my previous employer. I am very pleased with
his work and will recommend him to anyone who has been wrongfully terminated.
Chris will fight for you and see you are compensated fairly.

 _- **David** _

* * *

**Highly Recommended**

I met Claudia while defending a lawsuit brought against my company from a
former employee that she was representing. Her knowledge of employment law
resulted in our losing the first employment case brought against us in our
company's history. Based on that experience, I hired Claudia to represent me
when I needed an employment law expert. Claudia turned out to be responsive,
extremely knowledgeable about employment law and kept me in the loop every
step of the way. She was a great negotiator and provided the guidance I needed
that resulted in a positive outcome. I was also impressed with her ability to
work with me as a partner. She took my input and used it toward helping the
situation. She is a great listener who uses good information to her advantage.
I felt very confident I was in good hands. I highly recommend Claudia to
anyone or any company that needs legal representation for an employment law
matter.

\- **_Frank_**

* * *

 **Guided and Advised Us Expertly Through Our Case**

Mr. Lenzo guided and advised us expertly through our case. He accomplished
exactly what he set out to do and in a completely professional manner.

\- **_A Client_**

* * *

 **The Best in the Business!**

After being fired from a job I held for seven years, I felt the need to look
for legal representation. I discussed my case with four different employment
attorneys, who felt intimidated by my situation and acted like they wanted
nothing to do with. Then I landed in the hands of Claudia Reis. After speaking
with Ms. Reis, I felt I was in the right place, where others said "no" she was
ready to put up a legal fight. Her compassion, expertise, attentiveness and
her will to never give up is what sets her aside from the rest. I felt like I
was part of a new family, knowing I could pick up the phone at any time for
whatever reason and always get a response. Her efforts caused the defendants
to settle out of court for the amount she demanded. My family and I could
never be grateful enough for the way she fought this case. She and her firm
are truly 'The best in the business.'

\- **_A. G. N._ **

* * *

**Five Star Guidance**

When you find yourself in the need of an attorney to help you fight an unfair
labor issue (in my case with a major corporation), it's not just about the
facts. There is a level of emotional stress that I didn't realize would be
part of the process. Chris provided me with the right balance of intelligence,
skill and yes emotional support all leading to a favorable outcome.

 _- **A Client** _

* * *

**Chris was on Top of all Details**

Chris was on top of all details regarding my case and kept me well-informed
during the entire process. He was very reassuring during a difficult situation
and walked me through the process step by step. I would and already have
recommended him to other people.

\- **_Jill_**

* * *

 **I Highly Recommend Mr. Lenzo and His Team**

I actually found Mr. Lenzo on Avvo, and I must say I was not disappointed. My
initial consultation was almost three hours. He was attentive and thorough
weeding out emotion from the facts keeping me on track with the series of
events. He had a plan with a timeline of how he thought it would play out and
of course he was on target. I highly recommend Mr. Lenzo and his team for they
are courteous, knowledgeable and on point, because of them I had a favorable
outcome within five months.

\- **_A Client_ **

* * *

**Excellent Attorney**

Chris was very attentive and knowledgeable on all aspects of employment law.
He kept me informed of the process and any responses received from the other
party. Chris was always easily reachable by phone or email - even outside of
work hours and on weekends. He was very honest in his interpretation of the
case and what the possible outcomes could be if we followed his
recommendations, but always giving me the choice to make the final decision.
He effortlessly picked apart the other attorney and was able to quickly obtain
a better settlement than I was even expecting. I would strongly recommend him
as a lawyer and as a person of integrity.

\- _**Dominick** _

* * *

**Attention to Detail is Phenomenal**

I hired Mr. Lenzo to represent me in a gender discrimination case against my
former employer while I was still employed by the company. I had consulted
with other attorneys prior to meeting Mr. Lenzo, and each had expressed doubt
about commencing the case while I was a current employee. Mr. Lenzo, on the
other hand, did not hesitate, showing that he was not afraid to fight for his
clients' rights and take on seemingly "tougher" cases even if it means
ruffling a few feathers. Mr. Lenzo's attention to detail is phenomenal. Aside
from being an employment law expert, he takes the time to make sure that all
his T's are crossed and his I's dotted. Mr. Lenzo and his team took the
daunting process of standing up to my employer and made it almost painless.
There was never a moment where I needed Mr. Lenzo and could not reach him, or
where his office "dropped the ball." I am truly grateful to have been a
beneficiary of the well-oiled machine that is Lenzo & Reis, LLC.

\- **_A Client_ **

**Contact Us**

Free Case Evaluation **(973) 845-9922**

Name (Required)  Email (Required)  Phone (Required)

Message

CONTACT US NOW

**Practice Areas**

  * **Accommodations and Leaves of Absence**
  * **Discrimination Claims**
  * **Employment Contracts**
  * **Hostile Work Environment or Harassment**
  * **Leaves General**
  * **Retaliation**
  * **Wage and Hour Claims**
  * **Wrongful Discharge Claims**

![Facebook Icon](https://lawyers.justia.com/s/facebook-flat-64.png) ![Twitter
Icon](https://lawyers.justia.com/s/twitter-flat-64.png) ![LinkedIn
Icon](https://lawyers.justia.com/s/linkedin-flat-64.png) ![Justia
Icon](https://lawyers.justia.com/s/justia-flat-64.png)

360 Mt Kemble Ave  
#1004

Morristown, NJ 07960

Phone: (973) 845-9922

_* No aspect of this advertisement has been approved by the Supreme Court of
New Jersey. For additional information regarding the methodology, visit the
following sites:Best Lawyers, Super Lawyers, and Martindale-Hubbell._

_

We serve clients throughout New Jersey, including, but not limited to, those
in the following localities: Bergen County including Englewood, Hackensack,
and Mahwah; Essex County including Livingston, Montclair, and West Orange;
Hudson County including Hoboken and Jersey City; Mercer County including
Princeton; Middlesex County including Edison Township and New Brunswick;
Monmouth County including Red Bank; Morris County including Morristown and
Parsippany-Troy Hills Township; Ocean County including Toms River; Passaic
County including Wayne; Somerset County including Bridgewater Township; and
Union County including Elizabeth and Union. View More

  * Home
  * Disclaimer
  * Privacy Policy
  * Site Map
  * Contact Us

Client Reviews | New Jersey Sexual Harassment Lawyer Lenzo & Reis

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of
Service apply.

Please do not include any confidential or sensitive information in a contact
form, text message, or voicemail. The contact form sends information by non-
encrypted email, which is not secure. Submitting a contact form, sending a
text message, making a phone call, or leaving a voicemail does not create an
attorney-client relationship.

Copyright (C) 2023,  Lenzo & Reis, LLC

Justia Law Firm Website Design



