HOMELEAD ATTORNEYFAQsNEWSPATENTHONORSCONTACT US

# Barry D. Lites Esq.

FOUNDER &Â LEAD ATTORNEY

Barry Lites, Esq. (Harvard Law â86) is the owner and principal attorney at
the Law Offices of Barry D. Lites LLP. Over the course of his 35-year career,
he has represented clients in transactions having an aggregate value in excess
of $50 billion. His career has spanned market highs and lows such that his
experience ranges from multi-state portfolio acquisitions in up markets to
debt workouts and bankruptcy in down markets. Mr. Lites spent the first ten
years of his career at two major New York City law firms, Gibson, Dunn &
Crutcher and Weil Gotshal & Manges. Â He then moved in-house to GE Capital,
first as Real Estate Counsel at the National Broadcasting Company (NBC), then
as Senior Counsel at Financial Guaranty Insurance Company and, finally, to GE
Capital Real Estate in Stamford, Connecticut. Thereafter, Mr. Lites assumed
the title of General Counsel and Senior Vice President at a Warburg Pincus
portfolio start-up, TradeCard, Inc. Â There, Mr. Lites developed online trade
finance products for the companyâs international trade platform and traveled
the world opening markets for the companyâs import/export clients. Â Mr.
Lites was eventually named CEO of TradeCard Middle East and built the business
in the Middle East region from his office in Bahrain. Mr. Lites formed Law
Offices of Barry D. Lites LLP in 2010, bringing all of his experience and
expertise to the firmâs clients.

Currently, Mr. Lites is the Chairman of the Huntington Housing Authority, an
agency of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development and an Adjunct
Professor at Hofstra Law School teaching international business transactions.
He also serves as a court-appointed receiver under the auspices of the New
York State Office of Court Administration.

# EXPERIENCE. INTELLIGENCE.  
COMMITMENT TO OUR CLIENTS.

The lawyers at the Law Offices of Barry D. Lites are enablers. We enable our
Clientsâ success â the success of their business and their overall
personal success. Our practice,with offices in Huntington, New York, services
Clients in Suffolk, Nassau and the five boroughs of New York City. Â Â  
  
We help our Clients to start new businesses, purchase a going concern or
transition out of a business. Our Clients are entrepreneurs seeking to acquire
a business or simply its assets.They are also physicians considering the sale
of their practice or the formation of either single or multi-specialty group
practice. Â  
  
Â We also provide general real estate and other contractual matters to
municipalities. Tasks such as company formation, navigating industry-specific
regulations, real estate development and finance, office and retail leasing,
employee policies and insurance issues are all well within our expertise at
the Law Offices of Barry D. Lites. Â

The healthcare industry has been in transition for a number of years. We work
with healthcare providers to weigh the options available â selling a
practice, merging, joining a physicianâs health organization (PHO), an
independent physicianâs association (IPA) or an accountable care
organization (ACO). We understand the risks and benefits of each direction and
help our Clients devise a strategy that is best suited for their practice. Â  
  
Our Clients involved in real estate matters are business persons,
municipalities, physicians, investors and developers. We work to maximize our
Clientsâ return on investment on their commercial office, multifamily and
hospitality developments. We also assist our individual Clients in saving
their homes from foreclosure, purchase their dream home or sell their empty
nests. These are difficult times for homeowners and commercial tenants alike.
At the Law Offices of Barry D. Lites, we have the knowledge of the law and the
experience to craft affordable solutions for our Clients.Â

# SERVICES

Business success is no accident. Careful planning and due diligence are
critical to both smooth execution and full realization of strategic business
objectives. Having legal counsel with vast experience in business and
corporate matters adds significant value: potential pitfalls are identified
and dealt with before they become roadblocks. Â Â  
  
We help our Clients to start new businesses, purchase a going concern or
transition out of a business. Our Clients are entrepreneurs seeking to acquire
a business or simply its assets. They are also physicians considering the sale
of their practice or the formation of either single or multi-specialty group
practice. Â  
  
Â We also provide general real estate and other contractual matters to
municipalities. Tasks such as company formation, navigating industry-specific
regulations, real estate development and finance, office and retail leasing,
employee policies and insurance issues are all well within our expertise at
the Law Offices of Barry D. Lites. Â

# HISTORY

Our practice centers around our Clients, their personal matters and the
businesses that they operate or aspire to operate.Many of these issues require
multi-disciplinary expertise and this is how our practice areas have developed
over time. Business issues such as purchases and sales of assets,
confidentiality, software development/licensing and financing often have a
real estate component.  
  
Formation of a healthcare practice or merger of several practices often give
rise to regulatory issues under the Stark Law and/or the Affordable Care Act.
Real estate issues (buying, selling, financing, leasing) are often have
corporate and tax implications. Were present our Clients in all of these
areas. We have the experience to create solutions that will benefit our
Clientsâ business (and their lives) as a whole.Â  
  
â

The Law Offices of Barry D.Lites LLP is a multi-disciplinary law firm with
global reach.Â We represent individual investors, small, midsize and large
companies and government agencies.Â From the simple to the complex, our
services include business formations, mergers, commercial and residential real
estate acquisitions, financing and leasing and bond financing.Â Â Â Our
expertise is the result of many years of experience in business and in law.Â
Thus our services not only promote our clients' legal interests but also the
strength and prosperity of their business. We enable our clients to focus on
profitability, knowing that their legal issues are in good hands.Â All of us
at the Law Offices of Barry D. Lites LLP have both national and international
work experience.Â We bring that depth and breadth of knowledge to every
assignment.Â No matter the size or scope of our client's business, each
benefits from our wealth of knowledge developed over 30+ years.

# EXPERIENCE. INTELLIGENCE.  
COMMITMENT TO OUR CLIENTS.

Business success is no accident. Careful planning and due diligence are
critical to both smooth execution and full realization of strategic business
objectives. Having legal counsel with vast experience in business and
corporate matters adds significant value: potential pitfalls are identified
and dealt with before they become roadblocks. Â Â  
  
We help our Clients to start new businesses, purchase a going concern or
transition out of a business. Our Clients are entrepreneurs seeking to acquire
a business or simply its assets.They are also physicians considering the sale
of their practice or the formation of either single or multi-specialty group
practice. Â  
  
Â We also provide general real estate and other contractual matters to
municipalities. Tasks such as company formation, navigating industry-specific
regulations, real estate development and finance, office and retail leasing,
employee policies and insurance issues are all well within our expertise at
the Law Offices of Barry D. Lites. Â

âWhat differentiates me from other attorneys is the depth and breadth of my
experience. Â Having practiced law in several different environments â large
firm, large corporate, start-up and, now, small firm â I have developed and
understanding of the concerns and priorities of both the C-suite executive and
the one-woman startup.â  
â  
âI seek to build long-term relationships with my clients by adding value to
their business, again and again.â

DISCLAIMER: Â Please note that viewing this website or any communication
through this website does not or will not (1) create a client-lawyer
relationship; (2) guarantee or warrant that any document or other information
submitted via this website will be kept confidential; (3) constitute the
provision or offering of legal advice; or (4) create any prohibition on the
part of any of the lawyers of this Firm from representing an adverse party

Law Offices of Barry D. Lites LLP  
23 Green Street, Suite 209, Huntington, NY 11743  
1177 Ave. of the Americas, New York, NY 10036 -  
(by appointment)  
P: 631-415-2219  
F: Â 631-824-9040

Â© Law Offices of Barry D. Lites LLP.  
All Rights Reserved

