  * Free Consultation: **(424) 348-8290** Tap Here to Call Us 

Calderone Law Firm Home

Free Consultation (424) 348-8290

  * Home
  * Firm Overview
  * Attorney Profile
  * Practice Areas
  * Resources
  * Successful Results
  * Contact Us

Premier Employment & Litigation Law Firm

* * *

 **Client Focused. Results Driven.**

Contact Us Now **For a Free Consultation**

  * **Sexual Harassment**
  *  **Employment Law**
  *  **Business Litigation**
  *  **Discrimination**

 **$1,750,000** Wage & Hour Class Action

 **$1,000,000** Sexual Harassment

 **$5,000,000** Wage & Hour Class Action

 **$1,050,000** Disability Discrimination

 **$1,760,000** Age Discrimination

# California Employment Lawyer

 **El Segundo Employment Lawyers Fighting for Your Rights**

When you go to a job or a job interview, you hope to be judged by the quality
of your work, instead of your race, your gender, or another immutable factor.
Unfortunately, some employers do judge workers based on aspects of their
identity rather than their work. It may be possible to recover damages if you
have been a victim of discrimination. At the Calderone Law Firm, we represent
people throughout Los Angeles County in employment lawsuits arising out of
discrimination, sexual harassment, wage and hour violations, wrongful
termination, and other violations of their rights. Vincent Calderone has more
than 25 years of experience representing both individual employees and groups
of employees in protecting their rights. He handles many cases on a
contingency fee basis, which means that a client does not pay a fee unless
they receive a settlement or judgment in their favor.

 **Employment Discrimination**

You may be able to recover damages for employment discrimination if an
employer takes an adverse employment action against you based on your
membership in a protected class. Under federal and state laws, it is illegal
to discriminate against an employee based on race, color, national origin,
religion, sex, disability, age, and other characteristics. Federal laws like
Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 apply to companies with at least 15
employees. California law provides greater protections than does federal law,
and it applies even to smaller companies with at least five employees. It is
unlawful for your employer to retaliate against you for exercising your rights
under these anti-discrimination laws. That does not mean that your employer
will not retaliate against you for complaining in good faith about sexual
harassment or filing a charge with the EEOC, which enforces many of the
federal employment laws, but it does mean that you have legal recourse if they
do. You should consult an employment attorney in the El Segundo area to find
out about your next steps.

 **Sexual Harassment**

Title VII and the California Fair Employment and Housing Act (FEHA) prohibit
workplace sexual harassment. Under FEHA, sexual harassment can include actions
of a sexual nature or unwanted sexual advances. For example, if your
supervisor threatens reprisal for not submitting to sexual advances, this is
quid pro quo sexual harassment. Quid pro quo harassment often involves a
threat of an adverse employment decision if sexual advances or conduct are
rejected. For another example, if your coworker keeps touching you
inappropriately and sending sexually explicit emails, and you complain to HR,
but they tell you to just put up with it, this is likely hostile work
environment harassment. It is important to let HR know about the coworker
sexual harassment, or follow any other grievance procedure outlined in your
employment manual.

 **Race Discrimination**

Under Title VII and FEHA, race discrimination is prohibited in the workplace.
Discrimination occurs when an employer makes an important employment decision
about the terms and conditions of employment based on your race. Important
employment decisions can include failure to hire, refusal to promote,
termination, or paying different wages to employees based on their race. An El
Segundo employment attorney also can bring a disparate impact claim under
Title VII if the employer sets a policy that seems neutral but has a
disproportionately negative impact on people of a certain race. Racial
harassment is another form of racial discrimination.

 **Sex Discrimination**

Sex discrimination occurs if an employer makes an important employment
decision based on an employee's sex. It can occur with regard to either sex.
For example, if your employer does not promote you to a senior management
position because you are a woman, even though you are most qualified among
those up for the promotion, this would likely be sex discrimination.
Similarly, if your employer pays you less than male workers doing the same
job, that would also be sex discrimination. Both FEHA and Title VII prohibit
sex discrimination, and sexual harassment is considered a form of sex
discrimination. FEHA explicitly covers not only discrimination based on sex
but also sexual orientation discrimination and gender identity or expression
discrimination.

 **Disability Discrimination**

Disability discrimination is prohibited under the Americans with Disabilities
Act (ADA) and FEHA. You are physically disabled under FEHA if you have a
physiological condition that affects a certain bodily system or restricts a
major life activity. A major life activity is broadly defined under FEHA and
includes social and physical activities like walking, standing, sitting,
sleeping, or concentrating. FEHA defines a mental disability as one in which a
person has any mental or psychological disorder or condition, including
emotional or mental illnesses. An employment lawyer in El Segundo can help you
ask your employer for a reasonable accommodation for a known disability.

 **Age Discrimination**

You are protected against workplace age discrimination under the Age
Discrimination in Employment Act (ADEA) and FEHA, as long as you are 40 or
older. Your employer is not allowed to take an adverse step against you due to
your being an older worker. Adverse steps could involve termination, failure
to promote, layoffs, compensation adjustments, training, job assignments,
apprenticeships, or failure to hire. For example, if you are fired because you
are close to retirement age, you would likely have an age discrimination
claim. Unlike some of the other federal anti-discrimination laws, the ADEA
only applies to employers with a minimum of 20 employees.

 **Religious Discrimination**

Federal and state laws prohibit workplace religious discrimination. Generally,
religious discrimination occurs when an employer takes an adverse action
against a job applicant or employee based on his or her religious beliefs.
Under FEHA, religions and religious creeds are a protected characteristic and
include all sincerely held beliefs. You need not belong to the major religions
of Christianity, Judaism, Islam, Buddhism, or Hinduism to be protected. FEHA
requires employers to allow reasonable accommodations for a job applicant or
employee's religious practices, and an El Segundo employment lawyer can help
you negotiate an accommodation with your employer. Under FEHA, reasonable
accommodations for religious beliefs can include a change in job schedule,
allowing an employee leave for a religious observance, or permitting religious
dress, such as a yarmulke or hijab, to be worn in the workplace.

 **Pregnancy Discrimination**

Both the Pregnancy Discrimination Act and FEHA prevent an employer from
discriminating against an employee due to her giving birth, being pregnant, or
having a medical condition related to these. Pregnancy discrimination can
include any adverse step taken against an employee due to her pregnancy (or
childbirth or a related medical condition). It may occur, for example, when a
job applicant is not hired because she is visibly pregnant or when a pregnant
employee is given fewer hours. Under California law, it is also unlawful for
an employer to refuse to permit a female employee to take a leave for a
reasonable period of time of up to four months and come back to work if she is
disabled by childbirth, pregnancy, or a related medical condition. If you are
terminated because you took a reasonable leave after giving birth to a child,
you may have a pregnancy discrimination claim.

 **Wage and Hour**

If you are a nonexempt worker, your employer must follow federal and state
wage and hour laws. These include laws related to minimum wage, overtime, and
rest and meal breaks. In California, if you are a nonexempt employee, you are
not supposed to work for more than eight hours in a work day or more than 40
hours in a work week without being paid one and a half times the regular rate
of pay for all of the hours worked over eight hours in a work day or 40 hours
in a work week. However, there are exemptions, meaning that the overtime law
will not apply to certain sets of employees. An employment attorney in El
Segundo can help you understand your rights under this law.

 **Wrongful Termination**

Some employers retaliate against employees who complain about illegal
discrimination or harassment based on their protected traits, even though it
is illegal for the employer to do so. Although California is an at-will
employment state, employers are not allowed to terminate you on the basis of
your membership in a protected class or for exercising your rights in
connection with class membership. For example, you would likely have a
wrongful termination case if you filed a charge of workplace sexual harassment
with the Department of Fair Employment and Housing and then got fired.
Similarly, if you complained to HR about a noose being left on your desk, and
your employer allegedly decided that you were no longer a good fit for the
company, you would likely have a wrongful termination case. Also, you cannot
be fired for a reason that goes against public policy.

 **Employment Defense**

It is crucial to consult an experienced employment lawyer in the El Segundo
area if you are an employer who is being sued for discrimination. It is also
critical to develop policies and an employment handbook that articulate
grievance procedures and other steps that inform employees of their rights,
while working toward minimizing the risk of future lawsuits. For example, an
employer should provide adequate training to supervisors and managers in
connection with sexual harassment, racial harassment, religious harassment,
and various types of discrimination. It should alert all employees who have
authority over other employees to what is and is not appropriate.

 **Consult a Skillful Employment Litigator**

If you are concerned about an employment matter in Southern California, you
should consult the attorneys at the Calderone Law Firm. We are ready to
provide tenacious and knowledgeable representation. We represent people
throughout Los Angeles, Ventura, San Bernardino, Riverside, and Orange
Counties. Call the Calderone Law Firm at (424) 348-8290 or contact us through
our online form to set up an appointment with an employment attorney in the El
Segundo area.

Learn More

**Contact Us**

Free Consultation **(424) 348-8290**

Name (Required) Email (Required) Phone (Required) Message

Contact Us Now

**Practice Areas**

  * **Employment Law Overview**
    * Age Discrimination
    * Arbitration of Employment Claims
    * Class Action and Wage Claims
    * Defamation
    * Discrimination and Harassment
    * Disability Discrimination
    * Discrimination in the Hiring Process
    * Employee Misclassification
    * FMLA
    * Gender Identity and Gender Expression Discrimination
    * Hostile Work Environment
    * Meal and Rest Periods
    * LGBT Discrimination
    * National Origin Discrimination
    * Overtime Laws
    * Pregnancy Discrimination
    * Racial Discrimination
    * Religious Discrimination
    * Retaliation
    * Sex Discrimination
    * Sexual Harassment
    * Sexual Orientation Discrimination
    * Wrongful Discharge and Termination
    * Whistleblower Claims
    * Filing a Discrimination Claim
    * Harassment Based on Race
  * **Employment Defense**
    * Discrimination Defense for Employers
    * Employment Contracts and Documents Preparation Service for Employers
    * Wrongful Termination Defense for Employers
  * **Business Litigation**

**Calderone Law Firm**

2321 Rosecrans Ave #1265  
El Segundo, CA 90245  
 **Phone:** (424) 348-8290

GET DIRECTIONS

**Contact Us**

  1. 1 **Free Consultation**
  2. 2 **Over 20 Years of Experience**
  3. 3 **Contact Us Today**

Fill out the contact form or call us at **(424) 348-8290** to schedule your
free consultation.

Name (Required)  Email (Required)  Phone (Required)

Message

Contact Us Now

2321 Rosecrans Ave #1265

El Segundo, CA 90245

Phone: (424) 348-8290

Located in Manhattan Beach and serving Los Angeles County including, but not
limited to: Carson, El Segundo, Gardena, Hawthorne, Hermosa Beach, Lawndale,
Lomita, Manhattan Beach, Palos Verdes, Palos Verdes Estates, Rancho Palos
Verdes, Redondo Beach, Rolling Hills, Rolling Hills Estates, San Pedro,
Torrance, and Wilmington. View More

  * Home
  * Disclaimer
  * Privacy Policy
  * Site Map
  * Contact Us

El Segundo Employment Lawyer | Manhattan Beach Sexual Harassment Attorney |
Calderone Law Firm

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of
Service apply.

Please do not include any confidential or sensitive information in a contact
form, text message, or voicemail. The contact form sends information by non-
encrypted email, which is not secure. Submitting a contact form, sending a
text message, making a phone call, or leaving a voicemail does not create an
attorney-client relationship.

Copyright (C) 2024,  Calderone Law Firm

Justia Law Firm Website Design



