Skip Navigation

  * Our Team
    * About Our Firm
    * Stewart R. Albertson
    * Keith A. Davidson
    * Jeffrey M. Hall
    * See All Attorneys
    * Legal Support Team
    * Careers
  * Practice Areas
    * Abused Beneficiary
    * Financial Elder Abuse
    * Trust Contest Lawyer
    * Trustee Theft
    * Trust Accounting
    * Probate Litigation
    * See All Practice Areas
  * Learning Center
    * Articles
    * Ask 2 Lawyers
    * Checkout Our E-Books
    * Form Vault
    * The Big Challenge Videos
    * Trust Law Courses
    * Stand, Fight, Win Videos
  * Verdicts & Settlements
  * Contact Us
  * Our Locations
    * Carlsbad
    * Orange County
    * Los Angeles (El Segundo)
    * Bay Area
    * Rancho Santa Fe

Menu

Tap To Call **(800) 601-0170**

Call Us Today (800) 601-0170

Qualify for a Free Consultation

Menu

  * Our Team 
    * About Our Firm
    * Stewart R. Albertson
    * Keith A. Davidson
    * Jeffrey M. Hall
    * See All Attorneys
    * Legal Support Team
    * Careers
  * Practice Areas 
    * Abused Beneficiary
    * Financial Elder Abuse
    * Trust Contest
    * Trustee Theft
    * Trust Accounting
    * Probate Litigation
    * See All Practice Areas
  * Learning Center 
    * Articles
    * Ask 2 Lawyers
    * Checkout Our E-Books
    * Form Vault
    * The Big Challenge Videos
    * Trust Law Courses
    * Stand, Fight, Win: LIVE
    * Death of a Defendant – Keeping the Lawsuit Alive
  * Other Menus 
    * Verdicts & Settlements
    * Contact Us
    * Our Locations
      * Carlsbad
      * Orange County
      * Los Angeles (El Segundo)
      * Bay Area
      * Rancho Santa Fe

Home Our Team

Meet Our Team

We believe in helping people resolve their problems, fighting hard for our
clients, and being creative in our approach to every problem. We are Albertson
& Davidson, LLP, and we never stand still. Are you ready to join a winning
team? Get to know the attorneys and staff you will be working with so you can
feel comfortable and confident.

Stewart R. Albertson

Partner

Keith A. Davidson

Managing Partner

Jeffrey M. Hall

Partner

Christy Eisenbrey

Paralegal

Susan Nugent

Paralegal

Mary Worch

Paralegal

  * > We have recovered more than $250 million for our clients
  * > Albertson & Davidson, LLP recovered more than $250 million for our clients

# Get to Know Our Team

Our California Trust and Will Trial Firm is driven by  
compassion for our clients.

We understand the frustration and panic that sets in when you realize someone
has been stealing from your inheritance or manipulating a situation for their
own financial gain. We know how hot emotions can run and how families can be
forever divided in long-running arguments over wills, trusts, and financial
elder abuse proceedings.

At Albertson & Davidson, LLP, our aggressive Trust and Will trial lawyers have
extensive experience navigating sensitive situations and successfully securing
the satisfactory outcomes our clients deserve. Our firm is strictly focused on
this complex area of law, and our trial attorneys have honed their skills in
courtrooms all across California. We stand, we fight, and we win.

If you or a loved one’s financial future is on the line, you need to take
action now to protect your legal rights. Contact us now to discuss your case
and set up a complimentary case evaluation with our team.

View Our Practice Areas

Real stories

What Our Clients Are Saying

We fight hard to help real people achieve real results.

View All Client Testimonials

## History of Our  
Law Firm

Keith and Stewart met through the Los Angeles County Bar email list-serve for
the Trust and Estate section.

After meeting, they decided to create a law firm. Albertson & Davidson, LLP,
was launched on January 1, 2008. In the beginning, it was just the two of
them. They printed their own letters, licked their own stamps, and took their
own mail to the post office each day. They did not have many clients and
worried about making it.

Even so, they had a desire to improve, learn as much as possible, and develop
a reputation for being strong, passionate advocates for their clients. They
took tough cases (cases no other lawyers wanted), and made the best of them,
often being able to win a victory for a client through trial or a favorable
settlement.

Keith and Stewart found that they could add value to nearly any case if they
were creative, persistent, and aggressive in their approach — thus was born
the Albertson & Davidson philosophy for handling legal cases.

TRUSTED & RESPECTED

## We Stand, We Fight, We Win

From Southern California to the Bay Area, Stewart, Keith, and our skilled team
of legal professionals have help hundreds of clients recover millions of
dollars in compensation in complex estate litigation cases. Yet the founding
principles of the firm remain intact: We stand, we fight, we win – because we
are winners at heart. We can’t win every case, but we can invest the time,
energy, and enthusiasm that every case deserves and that usually leads to a
positive resolution for our clients.

We believe in helping people resolve their problems, fighting hard for our
clients, and being creative in our approach to every problem. We are Albertson
& Davidson, LLP, and we never stand still. Are you ready to join a winning
team?

How can we help you?

Fill out this form to qualify for a free consultation. We will contact you as
soon as possible. We are able to do remote consultations in Zoom for all
cases.

"*" indicates required fields

What’s Your Name?

Email*

Phone*

Issue*

Abused BeneficiaryFinancial Elder AbuseTrust or Will ContestTrustee TheftTrust
Accounting

Value of the Trust/Estate*

$0-$499,999$500,000-$749,999$750,000-$999,999$1,000,000-$1,999,999$2,000,000+

How Can We Help?*

Video Consultation

Prefer a video consultation

__Hidden

recordid

__Hidden

website_page

__Hidden

form_title

__Hidden

referrer_URL

__Hidden

landing_page

CAPTCHA

Phone

This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

Δ

We never sell or share contact information. By submitting this form, the user
gives us permission to send periodic updates about our legal content and
resources.

Call Us Today 858-209-2309

  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __

  *   * 

Follow Us on Youtube

Our California Offices

Albertson & Davidson, LLP

Carlsbad Orange County Los Angeles (El Segundo) Bay Area Rancho Santa Fe

  * Home
  * Resources
  * Media
  * Testimonials
  * Blog
  * Site Map
  * Disclaimer
  * Privacy Policy
  * Contact Us

* **DISCLAIMER** : This is our lawyerly disclaimer, please read this **BEFORE SUBMITTING A CONTACT FORM TO US** : We encourage you to contact us for more information on our services. However, you should know that any information you share with us on this contact form is made by you without an expectation of confidentiality. That means you are transmitting this information for us to understand your problem, but we have no legal duty to keep that information confidential. If you would like to discuss sensitive or confidential information with us, then you must call our office and set an in-person consultation (or sometimes we are willing to provide a telephone consultation for people who do not reside in our area). We do not transmit or share your information with anyone else, but we are NOT under a legal duty to keep your information confidential nor are we precluded from representing any related or adverse party to you due only to your submission of information using this contact form. Also, you should have no expectation of creating an attorney-client relationship with us by submitting a contact form. We will be happy to respond to you and let you know the next step in the process. Thank you.   
  
The information provided on our website and in our videos are for general
informational purposes only and does not, and is not intended to, constitute
legal advice. You should consult an attorney for advice about your specific
legal matter.

Site by Consultwebs: Trust and Will Litigation Attorneys

##### Office Hours

×

Manage Cookie Consent

We use cookies to optimize our website and our service.

Functional Functional Always active

The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate
purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the
subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission
of a communication over an electronic communications network.

Preferences Preferences

The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of
storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.

Statistics Statistics

The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical
purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for
anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on
the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third
party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually
be used to identify you.

Marketing Marketing

The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send
advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for
similar marketing purposes.

Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about
these purposes

Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences

{title} {title} {title}

Array

