  * Free Case Evaluation: **(973) 845-9922** Tap Here to Call Us 

![Logo of Lenzo & Reis, LLC](/images/justia-newjerseyemploymentattorneys-
com.png)Lenzo & Reis, LLC Home

Contact Lenzo & Reis, LLC

  * Home
  * About Us
    * Firm News
    * Mentions
  * Attorney Profiles
  * Practice Areas
  * Results
  * Client Reviews
  * Articles
  * COVID-19
  * Contact Us

![Attorneys Photo](/images/backpages/1300.jpg)

We Fight As Hard As You Work

We help all kinds of employees with legal issues in the workplace.

Contact Us Now For a Free Case Evaluation

**$5 million** Executive  
Severance Pay

**$4 million** Whistleblower  
Retaliation

**$1.5 million** Retaliation

**$1.2 million** Whistleblower  
Retaliation

**$1.1 million** Age  
Discrimination

**$1 million** Gender  
Discrimination

![Justia Lawyer Rating](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Super Lawyers](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Super Lawyers](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Best Lawyers - Lawyer of the Year](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Best Lawyers - Lawyer of the Year](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Best Lawyers](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Best Lawyers](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Best Lawyers](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![NELA](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![NELA/NJ](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![New Jersey State Bar](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![NJAJ](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![NJAWBO](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![AAS](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![New Jersey Woman Lawyers](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Palcus](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![badge](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Best Law Firms 2023](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Best Lawyers 2023 - Claudia A.](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Best Lawyers 2023 - Christopher P. Lenzo](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Best Lawyers 2023 - Claudia A.](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

![Best Law Firms - Regional Tier 1 Badge](/jshared/img/icons/spinner.svg)

Home

Employment Law

# Employment Law

**What We Do**

As **New Jersey employment lawyers** , we help all kinds of employees with
legal issues in the workplace. Sometimes we simply provide advice, either on a
one-time basis or in the form of ongoing coaching behind the scenes to assist
you in dealing with your current employer.

We also review and revise documents such as severance agreements, employment
contracts, and restrictive covenants (such as noncompetes that prohibit
employees from competing with their former employers, nonsolicits that bar
employees from doing business with clients or customers of their former
employers, and nonrecruits that stop employees from raiding other employees
from their former employer).

![Photo of Attorneys in Meeting](photos/attorneys-photo.jpg)

However, most of our work involves representing employees with legal claims
against their employers in settlement negotiations, mediations, arbitrations
and lawsuits. What we do and how we do it depends largely on your individual
situation and the type of representation that best fits your needs. One factor
is consistent in all of our work though: You always get individualized
service, attention to detail, and an aggressive but practical approach to
solving your problems and achieving your goals.

 ** Discrimination **

  * Age Discrimination
  * Disability discrimination
  * Pregnancy discrimination
  * Gender discrimination
  * Race discrimination
  * Religious discrimination
  * Sexual orientation discrimination
  * Gender identity discrimination
  * Military service discrimination
  * Family responsibility discrimination
  * Ancestry discrimination
  * National origin discrimination
  * Color discrimination
  * Marital status discrimination
  * Civil union status discrimination
  * Domestic partnership status discrimination

 ** Hostile Work Environment  **

  * Sexual harassment 
  * Other unlawful harassment 

** Retaliation  **

  * Whistleblower Retaliation
  * Law Against Discrimination Retaliation (LAD Retaliation)
  * Leave Retaliation / FMLA Retaliation / FLA Retaliation
  * Medical Accommodation Retaliation
  * Diane B. Allen Equal Pay Act Retaliation
  * Wage Theft Retaliation
  * Earned Sick Leave Retaliation
  * Public Policy Retaliation (Pierce)
  * Military Retaliation
  * OSHA PEOSHA Retaliation
  * Political Retaliation
  * SAFE Act Retaliation
  * Workers' Comp Retaliation
  * CEPA Retaliation
  * Other Unlawful Retaliation

  * How to Prove That an Employer Is Unlawfully Retaliating?

 ** Accommodations  **

  * Disability accommodations
  * Pregnancy accommodations
  * Religious accommodations

 **Leaves of Absence**

  * FMLA Basics
  * FLA Basics
  * FMLA and FLA Difference
  * FMLA Interference and FLA Interference
  * Maternity Leave Pregnancy Leave
  * The New Jersey Paid Sick Leave Act
  * SAFE Act

 ** Wage and Hour Claims  **

  * Sales commissions
  * Overtime pay and minimum wage
  * Prevailing wage
  * Tips and gratuities

 ** Contracts  **

  * Employment agreements
  * Restrictive covenants
  * Severance agreements

**Contact Us**

Free Case Evaluation **(973) 845-9922**

Name (Required)  Email (Required)  Phone (Required)

Message

CONTACT US NOW

**Practice Areas**

  * **Accommodations and Leaves of Absence**
  * **Discrimination Claims**
  * **Employment Contracts**
  * **Hostile Work Environment or Harassment**
  * **Leaves General**
  * **Retaliation**
  * **Wage and Hour Claims**
  * **Wrongful Discharge Claims**

**Client Reviews**

★★★★★

"Professional and Knowledgeable Attorney. At what was supposed to be the
highest point in my career suddenly became the most harassing and lowest point
of my career and I was passed over for a promotion. Not because the other
person was more qualified than I was, but because I followed the law and did
the right thing and the people I worked for did not like that. After
researching several attorneys, my wife and I found Claudia, and the decision
to retain her was the best decision we ever made. After explaining our case to
Claudia, we found that she was not only extremely professional but a very
caring human being. Throughout the entire process of our case, Claudia was
there with us every step of the way. She explained every single proceeding
that we had to go through and guided us, not only as a professional attorney
in and out of court, but personally as a caring and understanding person.
Because of her extensive working knowledge of employment and labor laws,
Claudia was able to successfully resolve our case. My wife and I will always
be extremely grateful for Claudia's hard work and dedication, and we highly
recommend Claudia Reis to anyone seeking an attorney who practices in
employment and labor laws."  John

★★★★★

"Professionalism, integrity, and determination. Outstanding representation!
Chris Lenzo did an outstanding job in my employment discrimination case. He
responded to my questions in a timely fashion, provided clear communication
through each step of the process, and handled my case in an honest and
straight forward manner. Chris's expertise in employment law along with his
hard work ensured justice would prevail in my case and got me the compensation
I deserved. Likewise, Chris's law firm staff was professional, courteous,
organized, and effective. I highly recommend Chirs Lenzo's firm to anyone with
an employment legal matter in New Jersey or New York."  Sofia

★★★★★

"Remarkable professional. I have worked with Ms. Reis and her firm for the
past three years. During the consultation process, you will immediately
experience her compassion as she offers suggestions and guides you through the
difficult situation you are dealing with. Her attention to detail, timely
follow up and candid manner ensured me that I was well-protected and
represented. Ms. Reis always went above and beyond to protect me legally. She
is a very strong and tough (when necessary) advocate for the individual she
represents. Her support staff is equally diligent. I would recommend her
without reservation."  A.M.

View More

Submit a Law Firm Client Review

![Facebook Icon](https://lawyers.justia.com/s/facebook-flat-64.png) ![Twitter
Icon](https://lawyers.justia.com/s/twitter-flat-64.png) ![LinkedIn
Icon](https://lawyers.justia.com/s/linkedin-flat-64.png) ![Justia
Icon](https://lawyers.justia.com/s/justia-flat-64.png)

360 Mt Kemble Ave  
#1004

Morristown, NJ 07960

Phone: (973) 845-9922

_* No aspect of this advertisement has been approved by the Supreme Court of
New Jersey. For additional information regarding the methodology, visit the
following sites:Best Lawyers, Super Lawyers, and Martindale-Hubbell._

_

We serve clients throughout New Jersey, including, but not limited to, those
in the following localities: Bergen County including Englewood, Hackensack,
and Mahwah; Essex County including Livingston, Montclair, and West Orange;
Hudson County including Hoboken and Jersey City; Mercer County including
Princeton; Middlesex County including Edison Township and New Brunswick;
Monmouth County including Red Bank; Morris County including Morristown and
Parsippany-Troy Hills Township; Ocean County including Toms River; Passaic
County including Wayne; Somerset County including Bridgewater Township; and
Union County including Elizabeth and Union. View More

  * Home
  * Disclaimer
  * Privacy Policy
  * Site Map
  * Contact Us

Employment Law | New Jersey Discrimination Lawyer Lenzo & Reis

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of
Service apply.

Please do not include any confidential or sensitive information in a contact
form, text message, or voicemail. The contact form sends information by non-
encrypted email, which is not secure. Submitting a contact form, sending a
text message, making a phone call, or leaving a voicemail does not create an
attorney-client relationship.

Copyright (C) 2023,  Lenzo & Reis, LLC

Justia Law Firm Website Design



