![Pasternack Tilker Ziegler Walsh Stanton & Romano LLP Attorneys At
Law](https://www.workerslaw.com/wp-
content/themes/romano/assets/dist/images/logo.png)

  * Home
  * Our Attorneys
  * Contact Us

Office Locations v

  * New York City
    * Manhattan
    * Brooklyn  
(Livingston Street)

    * Brooklyn  
(Flatbush Ave)

    * Bronx
    * Queens
  * Long Island
    * Brentwood
    * Garden City
  * Hudson Valley
    * Middletown
    * New City
    * New Windsor
    * White Plains
  * Albany
  * Buffalo
  * Rochester
  * Syracuse

Workers' Compensation Lawyers  
in New York City

800.692.3717Toll Free 24/7

![Español](https://media.workerslaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/20210623222459/mexico.png)
![Français](https://media.workerslaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/20210623222459/france.png)
![中文](https://media.workerslaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/20210623222459/china.png)
![Italiano](https://media.workerslaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/20210623222459/italy.png)
![Shqiptar](https://media.workerslaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/20210623222459/albania.png)
![Português](https://media.workerslaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/20210623222459/portugal.png)
![русский](https://media.workerslaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/20210623222440/russia.png)

Meet Those Attorneys Contact Us Today

Workers' Compensation Lawyers  
in New York City

800.692.3717Toll Free 24/7

  * Workers Compensation

  * Social Security Disability

  * Construction & Workplace Accidents

  * Long-Term Workplace Illnesses

  * Civil Service Disability Pensions

  * Personal Injury

  * Other Cases

![Español](https://media.workerslaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/20210623222459/mexico.png)
![Français](https://media.workerslaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/20210623222459/france.png)
![中文](https://media.workerslaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/20210623222459/china.png)
![Italiano](https://media.workerslaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/20210623222459/italy.png)
![Shqiptar](https://media.workerslaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/20210623222459/albania.png)
![Português](https://media.workerslaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/20210623222459/portugal.png)
![русский](https://media.workerslaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/20210623222440/russia.png)

Office Locations v

  * New York City
    * Manhattan
    * Brooklyn  
(Livingston Street)

    * Brooklyn  
(Flatbush Ave)

    * Bronx
    * Queens
  * Long Island
    * Brentwood
    * Garden City
  * Hudson Valley
    * Middletown
    * New City
    * New Windsor
    * White Plains
  * Albany
  * Buffalo
  * Rochester
  * Syracuse

Home | Client Testimonials

# Client Testimonials

## Elizabeth Gallager - "Wonderful Firm"

Dear Mr. Romano,

I cannot express how grateful I am to your wonderful firm. Most especially I
want to mention Jasmine Reed. She was the first person I met and right then I
knew I made the choice for my worker's comp case. Jasmine held my during this
overwhelming and frustrating process. Jasmine assured me I was not alone.

I also have to mention Stephanie Weiner and Rachel Lappin they were comforting
when things looked bleak to me. Stephanie suggested I have your firm take over
my SSD appeal. I am glad I did.

I will see you soon.

Thanks again,  
Elizabeth Gallagher

## Athena Rosa - "Treated me like a human being, despite my disabilities"

Dear Ms. Stanton,

It didn't seem fitting to fill out a generic questionnaire regarding my
satisfaction with services rendered. You, Ms. Stanton, went above and beyond
the call of duty. You treated me like a human being, despite my disabilities.
You sincerely listened to my concerns, especially when it was imperative to my
family's living situation. The work you did for me and my family can't be
gauged on a scale of 1-10. However, if I must... 10+!

Words can't fully explain the impact you have had on my life... you've given
me a new start and I intend to seize the chance to make a difference. Thank
you again in advance for your time and attention.

Respectfully,  
Athena Rosa

## Ricardo Reed - "Caring professionalism and amazingly talented individuals"

Hi Stephanie,

Thank you and your staff for such GREAT WORK!!!

I continue to refer you and the services of the firm to persons in need,
friends and family. With such caring professionalism and amazingly talented
individuals I feel proud that our association has lasted throughout the years
and continues to do so.

Thank you once again.

Sincerely,  
Ricardo Reed

## Paul Grossbard - "I would recommend them to anyone needing council in a
disability case."

To all the employees of Pasternack Tilker Zeigler Walsh Stanton and Romano;
with a special shout out to Scott Tirrell, the attorney who handled my
disability case, Barbara Tilker who agreed to have the firm represent me,
Nubia Ruiz document retrieval, and Jose Aybar the calm voice that was my first
contact with the firm; thank you, thank you, thank you.

I have never been more grateful to a team of people for helping me with a
task, that I never could of done with out them. Hearing for myself, my own
disability took years. Convincing my family or more importantly a federal
judge seemed insurmountable, even with doctors recognizing my disability. The
team at Pasternack Tilker Zeigler Walsh Stanton and Romano showed me respect,
patience and worked hard till we received the appropriate winning decision.

I would recommend them to anyone needing council in a disability case.

Thank you all.

Paul Grossbard

## DJ Barrett - "Over the years I referred several injured folks to you & the
firm. You have always treated them right."

Jorge,

As you know, over the years I referred several injured folks to you & the
firm. You have always treated them right, with return calls, etc. I will
continue to recommend you and the rest of Queens office lawyers.

I really appreciate Mr. Romano, Mr. Saminsky, Matthew O., Matt Funk, Jennifer
and you for each role you guys played to bring this action to a successful
end, it's been a long road, thank you to walk together with me.

Jorge, kudos and thanks to always answer my calls & emails.

Be well all,

DJ Barrett



Free Case Consultation

Δ

![Civil Service Disability Pensions Click to Learn
More](https://media.workerslaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/20210623222434/civil_service.jpg)

![Pasternack Tilker Ziegler Walsh Stanton & Romano LLP Attorneys At
Law](https://www.workerslaw.com/wp-
content/themes/romano/assets/dist/images/blank.gif)

800.692.3717

Toll Free 24/7

Workers' Compensation Lawyers  
in New York City

Practice Areas

  * Workers Compensation
  * Social Security Disability
  * Construction & Workplace Accidents
  * Long-Term Workplace Illnesses
  * Civil Service Disability Pensions
  * Personal Injury
  * Other Cases

Links

  * Home
  * Our Attorneys
  * About Our Firm
  * Contact Us
  * Articles
  * Contingency Fee
  * Privacy Policy
  * Disclaimer
  * Site Map

Follow Us

ATTORNEY ADVERTISING  
DISCLAIMER: Please remember that prior results cannot and do not guarantee or
predict a similar outcome with respect to any future matter, including yours,
in which a lawyer or law firm may be retained. The information provided in
this blog is not legal advice, but is provided to give general legal
information for educational purposes. Reviewing or accessing this blog does
not establish a client-attorney relationship with this Firm.

Copyright (C) 2023 Pasternack Tilker Ziegler Walsh Stanton & Romano LLP
Attorneys At Law. All Rights Reserved.

  * email
  * location

\-- select a location to view -- ManhattanBronxBrooklyn, Livingston
StreetBrooklyn, Flatbush AvenueQueensNew WindsorWhite PlainsNew
CityBrentwoodGarden CityMiddletownAlbany

  * call
  * text

