__

  * Home 
  * Firm Overview 
  * Attorney Profiles 
    * Mary Katherine Avery 
    * Annemarie E. Kill 
    * Samantha R. Donne 
    * Sydney Goggins 
    * Support Staff 
  * Practice Areas 
    * Family Law 
    * Employment Law 
  * Reviews & Ratings 
  * Contact Us 
  * Map & Directions 

Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display

  * Home 
  * Firm Overview 
  * Attorney Profiles 
    * Mary Katherine Avery 
    * Annemarie E. Kill 
    * Samantha R. Donne 
    * Sydney Goggins 
    * Support Staff 
  * Practice Areas 
    * Family Law 
    * Employment Law 
  * Reviews & Ratings 
  * Contact Us 
  * Map & Directions 

#### Call for Consultation

(312) 648-9707

  * ### It can and will get better when you have the right team  

WE GUIDE OUR CLIENTS THROUGH DIFFICULT TIMES EFFICIENTLY, WITH INTELLIGENCE,
COMPASSION AND DEDICATION

  * ### It can and will get better when you have the right team  

WE GUIDE OUR CLIENTS THROUGH DIFFICULT TIMES EFFICIENTLY, WITH INTELLIGENCE,
COMPASSION AND DEDICATION

  * ### It can and will get better when you have the right team  

WE GUIDE OUR CLIENTS THROUGH DIFFICULT TIMES EFFICIENTLY, WITH INTELLIGENCE,
COMPASSION AND DEDICATION

  * Home 
  * Firm Overview 
  * Attorney Profiles 
    * Mary Katherine Avery 
    * Annemarie E. Kill 
    * Samantha R. Donne 
    * Sydney Goggins 
    * Support Staff 
  * Practice Areas 
    * Family Law 
    * Employment Law 
  * Reviews & Ratings 
  * Contact Us 
  * Map & Directions 

Contact the Firm

##  Areas of Practice

Family Law

  * Family Law 

Employment Law

  * Employment Law 

#  Chicago Family Law & Employment Law Attorneys

The attorneys of Avery | Kill, LLC concentrate exclusively in the areas of
family law and employment law. Nationally-recognized and based in Chicago's
West Loop, Avery | Kill, LLC provides exceptional legal representation. A law
firm of dedicated and skilled lawyers, we have established a reputation for
aggressive advocacy on behalf of our clients, while helping our clients
achieve their individual goals.

Avery | Kill, LLC has successfully litigated cases at all levels, including
the U.S. Supreme Court. We are known and respected for our integrity,
compassion, commitment and results.

Our attorneys include those selected as the Best Lawyers in America ®, Leading
Lawyers ®, and Super Lawyers ®. We have also achieved the exclusive rating of
AV Preeminent from Martindale-Hubbell ®. We have an unwavering commitment to
providing our clients the very best legal expertise, in a caring and cost-
effective environment.

## Meet Our Team

  * Mary Katherine Avery 

Partner and Founding Member

Mary Katherine Avery is a principal partner of Avery | Kill, LLC, where she
concentrates her practice in family law. She has been named an Illinois
Leading Lawyer ® and Illinois Super Lawyer ® ...

Read Biography

  * Annemarie E. Kill 

Partner and Founding Member

Annemarie E. Kill is a principal partner with Avery | Kill, LLC, focusing her
practice in the areas of family law, QDROs (Qualified Domestic Relations
Orders), QILDROs (Qualified Illinois Domestic Relations Order), and employment
law. She is admitted to practice in Illinois and before the U.S. District
Court for the Northern District of Illinois, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the
Seventh Circuit and the U.S. Supreme Court. She has tried many cases, ...

Read Biography

  * Samantha R. Donne 

Associate Attorney

Samantha R. Donne is an associate with Avery | Kill, LLC. Samantha has
concentrated her practice primarily in family law and has represented clients
in all aspects of domestic relations matters including custody disputes,
property division, child support, and post-decree matters.

Read Biography

  * Sydney Goggins 

Attorney

Coming Soon!

Read Biography

## Choose a location to review

### Avery | Kill, LLC locations:

### Reviews & Ratings

  * 5.0/5.0 

I have the highest regard for Ms. Kill as a seasoned experienced litigator. I
refer clients to her and never once has a client expressed the slightest hint
of concerns about her representation. She has achieved excellent results for
her c...  
Show More

I have the highest regard for Ms. Kill as a seasoned experienced litigator. I
refer clients to her and never once has a client expressed the slightest hint
of concerns about her representation. She has achieved excellent results for
her clients.  
Show Less

-- Peer

  * 5.0/5.0 

Annmarie is a formidable opponent but always very collegial and fair minded. I
have great respect for her.

-- Peer

  * 5.0/5.0 

Ms. Avery is a true professional. I interviewed three attorneys to represent
me during my divorce and chose Ms. Avery because of her honesty and sincerity
(even though she cost a little more). She explained the entire process very
clearly. ...  
Show More

Ms. Avery is a true professional. I interviewed three attorneys to represent
me during my divorce and chose Ms. Avery because of her honesty and sincerity
(even though she cost a little more). She explained the entire process very
clearly. I would highly recommend her to any man who is going through a
divorce. Even though my wife and I ended up reconciling, I know that I had the
best possible representation had things proceeded. If I could give her and her
firm 10 stars I would!  
Show Less

-- Client

  * 5.0/5.0 

Mary Katherine Avery is a truly extraordinary attorney who listens carefully
to her clients concerns and goals and then implements an aggressive and
vigorous strategy to attain those goals. Ms. Avery is an experienced trial
attorney, having...  
Show More

Mary Katherine Avery is a truly extraordinary attorney who listens carefully
to her clients concerns and goals and then implements an aggressive and
vigorous strategy to attain those goals. Ms. Avery is an experienced trial
attorney, having practiced for 20 years in the field of family law, where she
is recognized and well known for her legal knowledge and skill. If you are in
need of an attorney for a divorce or child custody case you will not find a
better advocate than Mary Katherine Avery.  
Show Less

-- Peer

  * 5.0/5.0 

Annemarie is an excellent plaintiffs' side employment lawyer. I have had
several matters with her and found her to be collegial, fair-minded, but tough
and appropriately aggressive in her litigation style.

-- Peer

See More Reviews

Review Us

## **Recognition and Awards**

  *  **Mary Katherine Avery**  \- Named an Illinois Leading Lawyer"® and one of the Top 100 Women Consumer Lawyers in Illinois by the Leading Lawyers Network®. and selected as an Illinois Super Lawyer®.
  *  **Annemarie E. Kill**  \- Selected as one of the Top 50 Women Lawyers in Illinois by Super Lawyers®, Top 100 Lawyers in Illinois by Super Lawyers®, Top 100 Women Consumer Lawyers in Illinois by Leading Lawyers Network®, an Illinois Leading Lawyer® and one of the Best Lawyers in America®.
  *  **Samantha R. Donne**  \- Named an Illinois Emerging Lawyer by Illinois Leading Lawyers®, and a Rising Star by Illinois Super Lawyers®.

### Awards

### Contact Us

#### Please fill out the form below and one of our attorneys will contact you.

Name *

!

Email *

!

Phone *

!

Comments *

!

Thank you. Your submission has been sent.

## Our Location

\-- **mi**

### **Main Office**

**Address**

40 East Huron St., Suite 6E  
Chicago, Illinois 60611

Get Directions

#### Call for Consultation

(312) 648-9707

  *   * 

  * Home 
  * Firm Overview 
  * Attorney Profiles 
  * Practice Areas 
  * Reviews & Ratings 
  * Contact Us 
  * Map & Directions 

__**Search**

Search __

__

Avery | Kill, LLC is located in Chicago, IL and serves clients in Cook County
and Chicagoland.

Attorney Advertising. This website is designed for general information only.
The information presented at this site should not be construed to be formal
legal advice nor the formation of a lawyer/client relationship. [ Site Map ]

See our profiles at Lawyers.com and Martindale.com

Martindale-Hubbell and martindale.com are registered trademarks; AV, BV, AV
Preeminent and BV Distinguished are registered certification marks;
Lawyers.com and the Martindale-Hubbell Peer Review Rated Icon are service
marks; and Martindale-Hubbell Peer Review Ratings are trademarks of MH Sub I,
LLC, used under license. Other products and services may be trademarks or
registered trademarks of their respective companies. Copyright © 2024 MH Sub
I, LLC. All rights reserved.

__

