Close ×

  * Home
  * About You
  * Attorneys
    * Overview
    * Eugene Killian, Jr.
    * Virginia Nairooz
    * Dimitri Teresh
  * Practice Areas
  * Testimonials
  * Blogs
  * Contact Us

Call Us 732-912-2100

__Call 732.912.2100

![The Killian Firm, P.C.](/images/layout/logo.jpg)

  * Home
  * About You
  * Attorneys
    * Overview
    * Eugene Killian, Jr.
    * Virginia Nairooz
    * Dimitri Teresh
  * Practice Areas
  * Testimonials
  * Blogs
  * Contact Us

![](/images/photos/_default.jpg)

# Testimonials

"Gene Killian handled a complex business insurance matter for us and was able
to negotiate an excellent settlement of a difficult claim without having to go
to trial. He is smart, practical and easy to work with. I recommend him
without hesitation."

**\- David Brand, President, Spray-Tek, Inc.**

* * *

"Gene Killian has represented me for years in some of my more complicated and
sensitive matters. In each and every case, he has been both pragmatic and yet
aggressive on my behalf. He negotiates hard, but also knows how to resolve a
problem in a way that is satisfactory to all of the parties. I continue to use
him and his firm as a result."

**\- George Jacobs, President, Jacobs Enterprises, Inc.**

* * *

"My previous employer laid me off on 1 Apr 09, when I was in Baghdad, Iraq in
support of Operation Iraqi Freedom. I was faced with coming home to no job and
having no income. My best efforts to settle with them went nowhere. They
basically told me don't bother us and offered me no compensation. The State
Bar Association and Gene Killian stepped up to help me for free. I ended up
settling for [a confidential sum]. [The company] got punished for what they
did to me and I received compensation, and I now have closure. What means the
most to me, is that both the NJSBA and Gene offered their support to me. Many
people and organizations don't support soldiers and some are outright hostile.
While I am very proud of what I did, it was very hard on me and my family, but
all is good because I had the honor and privilege to defend our great country
and the rest of my days will be gravy."

**-Captain Michael Panzera, New Jersey National Guard**

* * *

"It would be difficult for me to think of a more valuable and reliable
resource for my business and for my clients' businesses. Gene is pragmatic,
strategic and always does what's best for his clients. I have learned a lot
from Gene over the years. His advice is clear and practical! We know many
people in common and Gene's reputation is consistently solid."

**-Richard Magid, President and CEO, Soundboard Consulting Group, LLC**

* * *

"We have all heard a lot of lawyer jokes…the lawyers at the bottom of the
ocean being a good start, etc. But it is no joke when you find a colleague
that you would actually hire to represent yourself. Someone whose intellect
and integrity you respect, who upholds the standards of the profession that
actually drew you to the law in the first place. This is what I have found in
Gene Killian. He is a great resource for my firm and for my clients."

**\- Cathryn Mitchell, Owner and Principal, Cathryn A. Mitchell Law Offices**

* * *

"I worked with Gene for four years on a complex property damage insurance
coverage case in the District Court of New Jersey. Gene was a wonderful mentor
who offered amazing insight into complex insurance issues and trial strategy.
Gene is a professional in all areas and I look forward to working with him
again."

**\- Jennifer Rasile Everett, Counsel, Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton, LLP**

* * *

"Gene and I have worked together for almost 15 years on various matters. Gene
has consistently provided excellent advice and service. I trust his judgment
and look forward to working with him in the future."

**\- Dennis Petrocelli, Vice-President, Matrix New World Engineering, Inc.**

* * *

"I have known Gene for a long time. He is a true professional and gets results
for his clients."

**\- Sharon Emek, Managing Director and Partner, CBS Coverage Group**

* * *

"Gene's advice has been sound, and his service prompt and efficient.I
recommend him without hesitation."

**\- Ford Harding, President, Harding & Co.**

### Get A Consultation

__Full Name __Email Address __Phone Number __Comments

Submit __

### Practice Areas

  * Commercial Litigation
  * Employment Litigation
  * Insurance Coverage Litigation

View All Practices

## __Call732.912.2100

Get A Consultation

107 Tindall Road | Tindall Executive Centers | Middletown, NJ 07748

  * Home
  * About You
  * Attorneys
    * Overview
    * Eugene Killian, Jr.
    * Virginia Nairooz
    * Dimitri Teresh
  * Practice Areas
  * Testimonials
  * Blogs
  * Contact Us

(C) 2024 The Killian Firm, P.C. All Rights Reserved. Sitemap | Legal | Law
Firm Essentials by PaperStreet Web Design

