Skip To Main Content

TLF Home Page

  * About
    * About the Firm
    * Community
    * Pro Bono Services
  * Capabilities
    * Administrative Law
    * Alternative Dispute Resolution, Mediation and Arbitration
    * Automobile Dealer Representation
    * Business Law
    * Construction Law
    * Corporate Bankruptcy and Business Restructuring
    * Environmental Law
    * Equine and Gaming Law
    * Estate Planning, Administration and Litigation
    * Hospitality Law
    * Immigration Law
    * Insurance Defense
    * Labor and Employment Law
    * Litigation
    * Malpractice Law
    * Municipal Law
    * Not-For-Profit Law
    * Out-Sourced General Counsel
    * Personal Injury Law
    * Real Estate Law
    * Tax Law
    * Technology and Cybersecurity
    * Vehicle and Traffic Law
  * Our Team
    * Megan L. Bassler
    * Robert H. Cohen
    * Robert H. Coughlin, Jr.
    * Robert E. Cummings
    * Thomas J. Dailey
    * John H. Dennis
    * Eugene P. Devine
    * John B. DuCharme
    * Douglas L. Goldman
    * Michael J. Hannah
    * James Juliano
    * James J. LeBrou
    * John P. Mastropietro
    * Shalini Natesan
    * Linda A. Peoples
    * Michael Rhodes-Devey
    * Marc S. Roman
    * Richard E. Rowlands
    * Cole H. Stevens
    * Claire J. Stratton
    * Christine E. Taylor
    * James T. Towne, Jr.
  * Make a payment
    * Pay an Invoice/Flat Fee
    * Pay a Retainer Fee
  * News
  * Careers
    * Overview
    * Current Opportunities
    * Diversity Program
  * Locations
  * Contact

Contact Us (518) 452-1800

![Hero Banner 1](https://townelaw.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/07/hero-1.jpg)

# Reliable.

We provide legal services for individuals and businesses throughout the
Capital Region, New York State, and Northeast.

Meet our attorneys

![Hero Banner 2](https://townelaw.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/07/hero-2.jpg)

# Resourceful.

From transactional to litigation services, we stand ready to be a powerful
partner providing tireless advocacy to obtain justice for business and
personal needs. We are driven by your success.

See our services

![Hero Banner 3](https://townelaw.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/07/hero-3.jpg)

# Responsive.

Our practice areas include Business and Civil Litigation, Corporate Law, Labor
and Employment Law, Franchise/Dealership Representation, Hospitality Law, Real
Estate Law, Personal Injury Law, and Estate Planning and Probate Law. Contact
us today to find out how we can help you.

Contact Us

![Hero Banner 4](https://townelaw.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/slide-
relevant.jpg)

# Relevant.

We are where you need us to be. We have office locations across the entire
Northeast and attorneys barred in over 7 jurisdictions.

View Our Locations

##### welcome to The Towne Law Firm, P.C.

## Creating Value With Creative Solutions

Headquartered in Albany, New York, the attorneys and professional staff of The
Towne Law Firm, P.C. (TLF) comprise a general practice law firm advising
clients and trying cases in a broad range of legal fields. From matters as
small as a traffic ticket to the most complex business disputes, you may rely
on our experience and availability. Our six offices are in New York, Vermont,
Massachusetts, and New Jersey, but the scope of our legal practice ranges from
transactional to litigation services. Our team approach ensures our clients
are provided with comprehensive service and personalized attention.

More About Us ![scroll down](https://townelaw.com/wp-
content/themes/lfs/assets/images/bttm-dwn.png)

##### Areas of practice

## Committed to expertise

We provide a wide range of business and personal legal services, both
transactional and litigation. Once again, we ranked as a 2022 Best Lawyers®
"Best Law Firms" by U.S. News and have four attorneys named to the Super
Lawyers and Rising Star lists. Our work is complex, but our philosophy is not:
We are here for you.

Administrative Law  Alternative Dispute Resolution, Mediation and Arbitration
Automobile Dealer Representation  Business Law  Construction Law  Corporate
Bankruptcy and Business Restructuring  Environmental Law  Equine and Gaming
Law  Estate Planning, Administration and Litigation  Hospitality Law
Insurance Defense  Labor and Employment Law  Litigation  Malpractice Law
Municipal Law  Not-For-Profit Law  Out-Sourced General Counsel  Personal
Injury Law  Real Estate Law  Tax Law  Technology and Cybersecurity  Vehicle
and Traffic Law

See All Services ![scroll down](https://townelaw.com/wp-
content/themes/lfs/assets/images/bttm-dwn.png)

##### Attorneys

## Your Legal Advocate

![profile image 1](https://townelaw.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/07/atty-
christine-2.jpg)

### Christine E. Taylor

Ms. Taylor found her way to law school after a career as a professional opera
singer, receiving both a Bachelor and Master Degree of Music in Voice
Performance. She attended the UCLA School of Law where she received her J.D.
When residing in Los Angeles and prior to joining the Firm, Ms. Taylor worked
in Entertainment Law, helping both start-ups and production companies. In this
role, Ms. Taylor developed contracts and amendments, and provided Independent
Contractor and Employment Contracts.

Learn More

![profile image 2](https://townelaw.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/07/atty-
eugene-e1658250335187.jpg)

### Eugene P. Devine

Eugene P. Devine, an Albany, New York native, was elected Justice of the
Supreme Court of the State of New York on November 7th, 2006. In 2014 he was
appointed, by Governor Andrew M. Cuomo, to the Appellate Division of the New
York State Supreme Court, Third Department.

Learn More

![profile image 3](https://townelaw.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/07/atty-
megan-e1658250735630.jpg)

### Megan L. Bassler

Ms. Bassler’s journey to the legal profession began after working in the
social services field for approximately two years. Prior to law school, Megan
earned her Master of Social Work from the University of Pittsburgh.

Learn More

![profile image 4](https://townelaw.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/07/atty-
ryan-e1658251033476.jpg)

###

Mr. Abel was born and raised in Corning, New York. He earned a bachelor’s
degree in political science at the State University of New York, College at
Cortland. As part of his undergraduate studies, Mr. Abel interned at the
Supreme Court of the United States.

Learn More

![profile image 5](https://townelaw.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/08/atty-
shalani-2.jpg)

### Shalini Natesan

Ms. Natesan is equipped with over 10 years of experience in Corporate Law and
has handled business matters, such as change of ownership, buy-sell
agreements, drafting the necessary documents for all business and corporate
formations and transactions, while also creating subsidiary entities to handle
specific areas of businesses throughout New York State and the Northeast.

Learn More

![profile image 6](https://townelaw.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/08/atty-
james-2.jpg)

### James T. Towne, Jr.

James T. Towne, Jr. has been representing individuals, businesses,
municipalities and related entities for over 40 years, addressing and handling
a range of matters including: Commercial Litigation, Corporate and Commercial
Law matters, Personal Injury Litigation, Estate Litigation, Commercial and
Residential Real Estate, Native American Law, Professional Malpractice claims
against attorneys and accountants, Equine Law, Racing and Gaming Law,
harassment claims, Employment issues, zoning, planning and tax certiorari
matters.

Learn More

![profile image 7](https://townelaw.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/08/atty-mike-
hannah.jpg)

### Michael J. Hannah

Michael J. Hannah focuses his practice in Tax and Real Estate Law, including
representation of owners, corporations and developers involving both
commercial and residential projects. He is also involved in estate planning
and probate.

Learn More

![profile image 8](https://townelaw.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/08/atty-
devey-2.jpg)

### Michael Rhodes-Devey

Michael Rhodes-Devey has been practicing law in Albany since 1985. Mr. Rhodes-
Devey focuses his practice on Criminal Law, Racing & Gaming Law, Civil
Litigation, Native American Law, NYS Liquor Licenses and Bankruptcy.

Learn More

![profile image 9](https://townelaw.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/08/atty-
robert-coughlin.jpg)

### Robert H. Coughlin, Jr.

Robert H. Coughlin, Jr. currently concentrates his practice in the area of
civil litigation with an emphasis on trial practice and insurance law,
negligence, labor law and commercial matters. As a Juris Doctor Candidate at
Albany Law School, Mr. Coughlin was in the first class of inductees to the ALS
chapter of the Order of the Barristers.

Learn More

View All Attorneys ![scroll down](https://townelaw.com/wp-
content/themes/lfs/assets/images/bttm-dwn.png)

##### Testimonials

## What our Clients say

The Towne Law Firm represented me for an extensive auto accident. What
obviously was a very emotional and traumatic time in my life was mitigated by
the extraordinary professionalism, care and thoroughness of the entire legal
team. I would definitely recommend James Towne and his Firm for any legal
issues or counseling that might be needed.

\- R.K.

Very good attorneys there and they actually care when they represent you.

\- I.F.

First-time homebuyer, Shalini made the closing process super easy [with] quick
responses and took her time to explain the process and inform us every step of
the way.

\- D.S.

Great firm to work with! They did a lease review for my rental units and also
an eviction case. I could not be happier with my experience working with The
Towne Law Firm!

\- J.G.

Shalini was amazing to work with on my client's real estate transaction! She
made the process so smooth for my buyers and I am so grateful to have met such
a timely, hands-on and thorough attorney through them! I definitely recommend
Shalini for ALL of your real estate legal needs!

\- A.W.

View Testimonials ![scroll down](https://townelaw.com/wp-
content/themes/lfs/assets/images/bttm-dwn.png)

##### NEWS & UPDATES

### TLF To Exhibit at 2023 PCOA 2023 Convention and Trade Show

ALBANY, NY | The Towne Law Firm, P.C. (TLF) is thrilled to announce our
participation in the upcoming 2023 PCOA Convention and Trade Show as an
exhibitor and Silver Sponsor! Partner Christine Taylor is set to take the
stage with her presentation, "Guests Gone Wild: Mitigating Risks and Handling
Long-Term Guests" on December 5th at […]

_Nov 17, 2023 -Read More_

### Partner James Towne Presents for Albany Guardian Society: "Guardianship:
It May or May Not Be the Answer."

ALBANY, NY | Join Albany Guardian Society on November 27th as Partner, James
Towne will present "Guardianship: It May or May Not Be the Answer." This
session aims to unravel the complexities of guardianship in New York and
explore simpler alternatives for those facing critical decisions about their
loved ones. The presentation will discuss advance […]

_Nov 16, 2023 -Read More_

READ MORE NEWS, EVENTS & INSIGHTS

![Great Place to Work Badge](https://townelaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/05/The_Towne_Law_Firm_PC_2023_Certification.png) ![The
Voice of the Defense Bar Badge](https://townelaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/07/Dri-Logo_Full-Color.png) ![Super Lawyers
Badge](https://townelaw.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/07/superlawyers.png) ![AM
Best Client Recommended Attorneys 2023 Badge](https://townelaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/01/Best-Insurance-Attorneys-2023.png) ![Top 100 Jury
Verdict 2017 Badge](https://townelaw.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/08/badge-
Jury-Verdicts_2017.png) ![Martindale-Hubbell AV Preeminent 2022
Badge](https://townelaw.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/10/badge-av-2022.png)
![Multi Million Dollar Advocates Forum Badge](https://townelaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/07/multi-million-dollar.png) ![Leaders in Law 2020 Global
Awards Badge](https://townelaw.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/08/badge-Global-
Awards.jpg) ![Best Lawyers Best Law Firms US News 2023
Badge](https://townelaw.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/10/badge-best-
lawfirms-2023.png) ![](https://townelaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/08/Firm_Best-Lawyers-Badge-2024.jpg) ![2022 Best Places
to Work Albany Business Review badge](https://townelaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/12/badge-bpiw2022-e1674232436271.png) ![America's Top 100
Attorneys Badge](https://townelaw.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/badge-
americas-top100.png) ![Expertise Best Personal Injury Attorneys in Albany 2020
badge](https://townelaw.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/07/ny_albany_personal-
injury-attorney_2020_transparent.webp)

**Albany Office**

  * (Headquarters)  
500 New Karner Road  
PO Box 15072  
Albany, NY 12205

  * Phone: (518) 452-1800
  * Fax: (518) 452-6435
  * Email: info@townelaw.com

**Our Offices**

  * Albany, NY
  * Waltham, MA
  * Bennington, VT
  * Burnt Hills, NY
  * Sparta, NJ
  * Saratoga Springs, NY

**connect with us**

  * __Like us on Facebook
  * __Follow us on Twitter
  * __Follow us on LinkedIn
  * __Follow us on Instagram

**For our clients**

  * Terms of Use
  * Privacy Policy
  * Statement Of Client’s Rights and Responsibilities
  * Payment Options
  * Areas Served

Make a payment

![Accessibility Badge](https://townelaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/10/Accessibility-Compliance-Badge.png)

(C) 2023 by The Towne Law Firm, P.C. All rights reserved.

  * Disclaimer
  * Accessibility Statement
  * Sitemap

Attorney Advertising. Prior results do not guarantee a future or similar
outcome.

