__

__

  * Home 
  * About Us 
    * Our Attorneys 
      * David R. Cashdan 
      * Michael G. Kane 
    * Our Results 
    * Online Reviews 
    * Our Areas of Practice 
  * Labor & Employment 
    * Discrimination & Sexual Harassment 
    * Wrongful Termination 
    * Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
  * N.J. Employment Law 
    * Severance Agreements & Employment Contracts 
    * Wage & Hour Law in N.J. 
    * Overtime Law in N.J. 
    * Workplace Harassment FAQs 
    * LAD Anti-Discrimination Provisions 
    * Conscientious Employee Protection Act (CEPA) 
    * Employment Law Videos 
  * D.C. Employment Law 
    * Severance Agreements in D.C. 
    * Wrongful Termination in D.C. 
    * Workplace Discrimination in D.C. 
    * Whistleblower Law in D.C. 
    * About D.C. Employment Laws 
  * Blog 
  * Locations 
    * Directions - Westfield 
    * Directions - Jersey City 
    * Directions - Newark 
    * Directions - Washington D.C. 
  * Contact Us 

Would you like to switch to the accessible version of this site?

Go to accessible site Close modal window

Don't need the accessible version of this site?

Hide the accessibility button Close modal window

Accessibility View  Close toolbar

Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display

226 St. Paul Street | Westfield, New Jersey 07090

1717 K Street, N.W., Suite 1100 | Washington, District of Columbia 20006

![header_logo](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/450x100_80/webmgr/11/3/v/5e6a4030e62db_LOGOS.png.webp?1149ef2f946fa3743b014eeda4f92227)

#### Call Now For A Consultation

908-264-9331 202-862-4330

  * Home 
  * About Us 
    * Our Attorneys 
      * David R. Cashdan 
      * Michael G. Kane 
    * Our Results 
    * Online Reviews 
    * Our Areas of Practice 
  * Labor & Employment 
    * Discrimination & Sexual Harassment 
    * Wrongful Termination 
    * Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
  * N.J. Employment Law 
    * Severance Agreements & Employment Contracts 
    * Wage & Hour Law in N.J. 
    * Overtime Law in N.J. 
    * Workplace Harassment FAQs 
    * LAD Anti-Discrimination Provisions 
    * Conscientious Employee Protection Act (CEPA) 
    * Employment Law Videos 
  * D.C. Employment Law 
    * Severance Agreements in D.C. 
    * Wrongful Termination in D.C. 
    * Workplace Discrimination in D.C. 
    * Whistleblower Law in D.C. 
    * About D.C. Employment Laws 
  * Blog 
  * Locations 
    * Directions - Westfield 
    * Directions - Jersey City 
    * Directions - Newark 
    * Directions - Washington D.C. 
  * Contact Us 

  * Home
>

  * Labor & Employment

Labor and Employment

#  Skillful Labor and Employment Lawyers Handle Westfield & Washington, D.C.,
Cases

##  New Jersey firm assists with a full range of workplace claims

Effectively handling labor and employment issues demands a combination of
legal knowledge and practical skill. At Cashdan & Kane, PLLC, our attorneys
have 50 years of combined experience providing strong, client-focused
representation to clients in Washington, D.C., and New Jersey. Since 1991, our
firm has advised employees and employers in actions arising from
discrimination claims, wage disputes, family leave issues, and union matters.
We have a detailed knowledge of the law and know what it takes to win a
successful result either through a settlement or at trial. With offices in the
District of Columbia as well as Westfield, Newark, and Jersey City, New
Jersey, we have built a nationwide reputation for securing exceptional
results.

##  Westfield, NJ advocates litigate all types of discrimination disputes

If you are facing discrimination or sexual harassment on the job, we will
investigate the facts and work tirelessly to hold the liable parties
accountable. Our firm handles all types of claims, including those pertaining
to:

  * **Race, religion, ethnicity** -- Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 is the main federal law that protects employees from discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, gender, or religion. State and local laws might prohibit discrimination based on additional traits, such as sexual orientation, marital status, or gender identity. 
  * **Gender discrimination and sexual harassment** -- Our firm advocates for clients who have been pressured into sexual relationships by a supervisor or forced to endure a hostile work environment due to their gender. We also bring discrimination claims on behalf of people who have been unfairly treated based on their sex. 
  * **Age** -- Individuals who are over 40 can seek relief based on the Age Discrimination in Employment Act. If you’ve suffered negative consequences because of your age, we will guide you through the claim process. 
  * **Disability** -- Under the Americans with Disabilities Act, companies are required to make reasonable accommodations for people with physical limitations. Our lawyers can explain how this law applies to you. 

To protect your rights, you need to be aware that there are short deadlines
for filing a charge with federal or state agencies. Failing to initiate a
timely claim might prevent you from suing your employer. In some instances, it
is necessary to make an internal complaint first. We can help you figure out
how to proceed, representing you at each stage of the process.

##  Trustworthy attorneys litigate wage and hour conflicts

Under the federal Fair Labor Standards Act, you have the right to take home
the pay that you have earned, which in many cases includes overtime pay. Many
workers are understandably intimidated about taking on their employers, but we
will arm you with the legal support you need to assert your rights. Often,
violations such as failure to pay time-and-a-half for overtime work, refusal
to allow mandated breaks, or wages that don’t meet the legal minimum are not
isolated. We can represent you and other employees in a full range of wage and
hour claims so that you can obtain full compensation for your efforts.

##  Dedicated legal counselors help with family and medical leave matters

The federal Family and Medical Leave Act establishes strong protections for
U.S. workers who seek time away from their job to handle a health or family
issue. Though this statute applies to companies with at least 50 employees,
many states and localities, such as the District of Columbia, have added
additional rights for workers. If you need a temporary absence from work
because of a new baby, a family medical crisis, military obligations, jury
duty, or an educational matter involving your child, we can outline your
options. If you have been punished for exercising these legal rights, our
experienced attorneys will press your employer to obey the law, and we will
file a lawsuit if necessary to seek justice.

###  Contact an established attorney for assistance with a New Jersey or D.C.
employment issue

Cashdan & Kane, PLLC represents clients in a complete range of New Jersey and
District of Columbia labor and employment matters. Please call our NJ office
at 908-264-9331 or our DC office at 202-862-4330 or contact us online to
schedule an appointment.

![
](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/250x74_80/webmgr/11/3/v/av-2022.png.webp?0ab71a0382f8e77cb7d942eaf2223cc0)

![ ](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/165x165_80/webmgr/11/3/v/best-
lawyers-2022.png.webp?590341683bde47cbd3edcac4933865ca)

![Best Law Firms
2021](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/300x296_80/webmgr/11/3/v/Year-e1624393181795.png.webp?87f8b15c907eb2b7ece9b4440d355d31)

Go to link

Go to link

![BestLawFirms2020](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/300x299_80/webmgr/11/3/v/300.png.webp?ce2c1b1a80f6f3f9633caa319275b448)

Go to link

Go to link

![CLEL](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/200x150_80/webmgr/11/3/v/CLEL.jpg.webp?c0cc91f8b374e92d6b12c61bc14120ed)

![ ](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/250x250_80/webmgr/11/3/v/2022-bar-
register-logo.png.webp?60ba4cab4be738a28aa72ff508662ab3)

![icon_superlawyers](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/300x200_80/webmgr/11/3/v/icon_superlawyers.png.webp?6ee457e4077be9783a6ca435a66f72e5)

![icon_ten-
leaders](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/160x110_80/webmgr/11/3/v/icon_ten-
leaders-1.png.webp?47c12cd3a876e8242b369483762ec566)

![icon_washingtonian-top-
lawyers-2016](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/300x200_80/webmgr/11/3/v/icon_washingtonian-
top-lawyers-2016.png.webp?63c775fb498ebe7b4c90473da04b7c47)

![icon-avvo](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/125x110_80/webmgr/11/3/v/icon-
avvo-1.png.webp?18c2f291e51bc56657cd18199359b3f4)

## Choose a location to review

### Cashdan & Kane, PLLC locations:

__Westfield, NJ

### Reviews & Ratings

Showing 3-star reviews and above

  * ![google](https://www.cashdankane.com/plugins/smb/reviewourfirm/components/reviewourfirm/assets/img//icon-sm-google.png)

5.0/5.0

Michael gave me some very valuable guidance in my legal matter.

-- Alexander A

  * ![google](https://www.cashdankane.com/plugins/smb/reviewourfirm/components/reviewourfirm/assets/img//icon-sm-google.png)

5.0/5.0

Mr. Kane is a patient listener, very knowledgeable about employment law, and I
can trust him to clearly explain terminology and expectations throughout the
process. He is compassionate, professional and very responsive to inquiries,
and th...  
Show More

Mr. Kane is a patient listener, very knowledgeable about employment law, and I
can trust him to clearly explain terminology and expectations throughout the
process. He is compassionate, professional and very responsive to inquiries,
and the office billing processes were seamless.  
Show Less

-- Douglas Larsen

  * ![google](https://www.cashdankane.com/plugins/smb/reviewourfirm/components/reviewourfirm/assets/img//icon-sm-google.png)

5.0/5.0

Went to this location and spoke with Michael Kane. He was a very nice guy and
didn’t make me feel like I was doing something wrong by contacting an
attorney. He was open to hearing everything that has been happening to me over
the years and...  
Show More

Went to this location and spoke with Michael Kane. He was a very nice guy and
didn’t make me feel like I was doing something wrong by contacting an
attorney. He was open to hearing everything that has been happening to me over
the years and He was very honest and upfront throughout the various meetings
that we’ve had. Mr. Kane stayed on top of deadlines,paperwork and meetings. He
was also very flexible with payment which I know is very important to most ppl
when they have to hire an attorney. All in all I would say that Mr. Kane is my
go-to guy in the unfortunate event that I would need an attorney in the
future.  
Show Less

-- Kobe

  * ![google](https://www.cashdankane.com/plugins/smb/reviewourfirm/components/reviewourfirm/assets/img//icon-sm-google.png)

5.0/5.0

I could not be more than happy with MichaelKane of Cashdan & Kane. He takes
the time to understand the situation and provide reliable feedback. Michael
helped me in a few occasions always with favorable outcome. He is also
understanding, p...  
Show More

I could not be more than happy with MichaelKane of Cashdan & Kane. He takes
the time to understand the situation and provide reliable feedback. Michael
helped me in a few occasions always with favorable outcome. He is also
understanding, personable and easy to talk to.  
Show Less

-- Massimo Colombo

  * ![google](https://www.cashdankane.com/plugins/smb/reviewourfirm/components/reviewourfirm/assets/img//icon-sm-google.png)

5.0/5.0

Knowledge and understanding is on the chart with Cashdan & Kane, PLLC. Mr.
Kane Michael is my lawyer and I will always go back to him with anything, even
after my case that we won, I can still call him when I need him. Thanks a lot
Mr. Kane...  
Show More

Knowledge and understanding is on the chart with Cashdan & Kane, PLLC. Mr.
Kane Michael is my lawyer and I will always go back to him with anything, even
after my case that we won, I can still call him when I need him. Thanks a lot
Mr. Kane.  
Show Less

-- Adele Sako

See More Reviews

Review Us

### Videos

![](https://i1.ytimg.com/vi/mn5sNKSGNCM/hqdefault.jpg)

![](https://i1.ytimg.com/vi/3Edo2_SoqN4/hqdefault.jpg)

![](https://i1.ytimg.com/vi/uEEwh6wU3_0/hqdefault.jpg)

![](https://i1.ytimg.com/vi/Tbc83tz12FA/hqdefault.jpg)

![](https://i1.ytimg.com/vi/fPY3rppNPEM/hqdefault.jpg)

![](https://i1.ytimg.com/vi/msGeAFP1tLc/hqdefault.jpg)

### Contact Us

#### Please fill out the form below and our attorney will contact you.

Name *

!

Email *

!

Phone *

!

Comments

!

Thank you. Your submission has been sent.

## Map & Directions

\-- **mi**

### **Westfield Office**

**Address**

226 St. Paul Street  
Westfield, New Jersey 07090

**Contact Information** 908-264-9331

  * \-- mi **Westfield Office**
  * \-- mi **Washington Office**
  * \-- mi **Jersey City Office**
  * \-- mi **Newark Office**

![footer_logo](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/450x100_80/webmgr/11/3/v/5e6a437086631_LOGOS.png.webp?1149ef2f946fa3743b014eeda4f92227)

  *   *   *   *   * 

#### Call to schedule an appointment

908-264-9331

  * Home 
  * About Us 
  * Practice Areas 
  * Results 
  * Events Publications 
  * Legal Library 
  * Videos 
  * Directions 
  * Contact Us 

Cashdan & Kane, PLLC is located in Westfield, NJ and serves clients in and
around Westfield, Garwood, Scotch Plains, Mountainside, Cranford, Fanwood,
Clark, Kenilworth, Springfield, Summit, Berkeley Heights, Roselle Park, New
Providence, Plainfield, Rahway, Colonia, Roselle, Union, Linden, Vauxhall,
Iselin, Millburn, Middlesex County, Somerset County and Union County. Our
Washington D.C. office serves clients in D.C., Northern Virginia areas and
Montgomery County, MD and surrounding areas.

Attorney Advertising. This website is designed for general information only.
The information presented at this site should not be construed to be formal
legal advice nor the formation of a lawyer/client relationship. [ Site Map ]

The Super Lawyers list is issued by Thomson Reuters. A description of the
selection methodology can be found at
superlawyers.com/about/selection_process.html. No aspect of this advertisement
has been approved by the Supreme Court of New Jersey.

See our profiles at Lawyers.com and Martindale.com

Martindale-Hubbell and martindale.com are registered trademarks; AV, BV, AV
Preeminent and BV Distinguished are registered certification marks;
Lawyers.com and the Martindale-Hubbell Peer Review Rated Icon are service
marks; and Martindale-Hubbell Peer Review Ratings are trademarks of MH Sub I,
LLC, used under license. Other products and services may be trademarks or
registered trademarks of their respective companies. Copyright © 2024 MH Sub
I, LLC. All rights reserved.

![](https://www.martindale-avvo.com/wp-
content/uploads/5bbaf20f8334a_MDHLogoFooterWhite.png)

__

