Skip to content

 __ __

Rss page opens in new window Twitter page opens in new windowLinkedin page
opens in new window

AddyHart P.C. | Intellectual Property Law & Corporate Law | Protecting
Innovation and Your Interests

Corporate and IP law firm laser-focused on protecting innovation; handling
patent litigation for the Fortune 1000, mid-tier and smaller entrepreneurial
businesses

  * People
    * Meredith Martin Addy
    * Robert P. Hart
    * Charles A. “Chad” Pannell III
    * Brandon Helms
    * Benjamin Cappel
    * Gregory B. Gulliver
    * >> View All
  * Litigation
  * IP Law
  * Entertainment Law
  * Corporate Law
  * News

  * People
    * Meredith Martin Addy
    * Robert P. Hart
    * Charles A. “Chad” Pannell III
    * Brandon Helms
    * Benjamin Cappel
    * Gregory B. Gulliver
    * >> View All
  * Litigation
  * IP Law
  * Entertainment Law
  * Corporate Law
  * News

FROM E-COMMERCE TO ENCRYPTION ...  FROM PHARMACEUTICALS TO AVIONICS ...  FROM
PATENT LITIGATION TO ENTERTAINMENT LAW ...  LASER-FOCUSED ON PROTECTING
INNOVATION.  PLAN TO WIN. BUILD CORPORATE VALUE. PROTECT YOUR INNOVATION.

Founded by experienced AmLaw100 corporate attorneys and intellectual property
litigators, AddyHart specializes in handling complex intellectual property
litigation from discovery and claim construction to settlement and trial,
while our full-service corporate practice assists entrepreneurial companies
throughout all phases of their growth and development. Our clients range from
Fortune 1000 companies to mid-tier and smaller entrepreneurial businesses.

###  AddyHart P.C. Again Ranked by Best Law Firms for Patent Law and
Litigation - Patent

More __

### AddyHart Attorneys Addy, Yusem Sterne Featured Presenters at IPWatchdog
LIVE 2023

More __

### Addy Named to Best Lawyers in America for 18th Consecutive Year

More __

### Meredith Addy Again Achieves Highest Rating in IP Law from Chambers, Only
Woman So Ranked

More __

### Addy on Streamlining Enforcement at IPWatchdog Patent Litigation Masters
2023

More __

### Fair Inventing Fund Taps Meredith Addy for Amicus Brief on Petition to
SCOTUS in Support of Jump Rope Systems

More __

## Our Services

## Litigation

We fight for your interests—from the district courts to the US Supreme Court.

## Intellectual Property Law

We protect innovations: patents, trade secrets, trademarks and other IP.

## Entertainment Law

We develop agreements, protect artists, and defend ownership rights.

## Corporate Law

We defend critical assets and design a portfolio of lasting value.

## Our Attorneys

Led by founders Meredith Martin Addy and Robert P. Hart, our team of attorneys
is deeply versed in intellectual property litigation. We have proven records
of success in cases before the U.S district courts, at the USPTO's Patent
Trial and Appeal Board, in the Court of Federal Claims, and in appeals before
the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit and other Circuits.

Our attorneys have a wealth of experience as both outside and in-house counsel
in multi-million dollar patent disputes. Our lawyers include former AmLaw100
management and former senior in-house IP counsel. We have proven experience in
IP and business law across a range of sectors, including in software, in
avionics and electronics, in the automotive space, in pharmaceuticals and
bioengineering, and in entertainment.

AddyHart strives to provide superb legal advice and compelling business value.
We take a business-first approach — providing informed and helpful counsel
while helping safeguard the corporate bottom-line. We have offices in Atlanta,
Chicago, Detroit, and Irvine, Calif.

Back to Top

**Atlanta**

10 Glenlake Parkway

Suite 130

Atlanta, GA 30328

Contact Us

**Chicago**

401 N Michigan Ave.

Suite 1200-1

Chicago, IL 60611

  

**Detroit**

400 Renaissance Center

Suite 2600

Detroit, MI 48243

  

**Irvine**

5151 California St.

Suite 100

Irvine, CA 92617

  

Go to Top

© 2024 AddyHart P.C. All rights reserved. Disclaimer

 __ __Rss TwitterLinkedin

Go to Top

