top of page

NICHOLAS GOODMAN

Associates, PLLC

&

  * HOME

  * FIRM

    * Nicholas Goodman
    * Patrick Selvey
    * Alfred Fuente
    * Camille Abate
  * OUR WORK

  * CONTACT US

  * More

Use tab to navigate through the menu items.

## PRACTICE

## AREAS

Complex, Catastrophic Personal Injury /

Product Liability /​ Defamation /

Property Damage & Subrogation ​/

Insurance Law / Commercial Real Estate /

Copyright & Trademark Infringement​ /

Employment Law / Commercial Litigation

CONTACT US >>

# THE STRATEGIC ADVANTAGE

Specializing in all aspects of civil litigation, from pleadings to appeals, in
the state and federal courts sitting in the New York City metropolitan area,
our team of professionals will give your case the focus and attention it
deserves.

#### THE FIRM



We are a boutique civil litigation firm dedicated to handling each of our
client's cases with the individual care they deserve. We understand that every
case, no matter how straightforward it may at first appear, presents an
opportunity, be it factual or procedural, scientific or medical, to gain a
strategic litigation advantage.



We are not a volume, "cookie-cutter" practice; while other firms juggle large
case inventories, we take the time to examine every detail, every
unconventional legal theory, to develop unique, precisely tailored approaches
to protecting our clients' interests. The results we have obtained over many
years of practice speak to our ability and determination to turn strategic
advantage into ultimate success.



Our attorneys are in the state and federal courts of the New York metropolitan
area virtually every day as we handle civil litigation from the pleading stage
through jury trials. We also maintain a robust appellate practice that has
generated an enviable track record.

​

In addition to our litigation practice, we also handle all manner of real
estate transactions, both commercial and residential, including purchase and
sale agreements, closings, operating agreements, leases, and anything else our
clients may require in the course of buying, selling, or managing real
property within the State of New York.

​

Beyond our team of dedicated attorneys, we work closely with carefully chosen
and highly experienced medical and scientific experts, as well as the highest
quality private investigators, all of whom give us the ability to deliver a
level of representation typically associated with larger firms.

​

We pride ourselves on the partnerships we have developed with our clients and
length of our relationships with them. They include prominent names in the
entertainment, retail and real estate sectors, individuals and corporations,
all of whom trust us to provide them with the highest level of advocacy
available.

contact

## CONTACT US

 ​​333 Park Avenue South, Suite 3A

New York, New York 10010

Tel: 212-227-9003

Submit

Thanks for submitting!

​​​​(C) 2019 by Nicholas Goodman & Associates, PLLC - Attorney Advertising
Disclaimer

bottom of page

