![Image logo](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/62e41a8ae39e9613b64573df/62ec0e377adc458dbb62e150_Screenshot%202022-08-04%20112059.png)

(212) 595-6200 ï

About

Attorneys

Joseph H. Mizrahi

Edward Y. Kroub

Sagar K. Shah

Ian N. Piasecki

Patrick W. Gallagher

Tiffany A. Rousso

David I. Mizrahi

Isiah T. LeGendre

PRACTICE AREAS

Employment Law

Special Education Law

Fair Credit Reporting Act

Americans with Disabilities Act

Other Practice Areas

Mass Torts

Class Actions

OTHER PRACTICE AREAS

Mass Torts

Class Actions

Insights

Insights Overview

Can an Employer Ask for Proof of Disability?

What Types of Debt Collection Practices Are Prohibited?

Does My Disability Fall under the ADA?

InsightCONTACT

AboutATTORNEYS  

PRACTICE AREAS

Practice Areas Overview

Americans with Disabilities Act

Fair Credit Reporting Act

Special Education Law

InsightsCONTACT

If You've Been Wronged Then You Have Rights, We Bring The Fight.

# Manhattan Attorneys

PROTECTING  
YOUR RIGHTS

Our Servicesï¡

Contact Usï¡

#### Protecting Your Rights In The Heart of New Yorkâs Financial District

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/62e41a8ae39e9613b64573df/643f0ea1084d56de7526da76_MK89-_1_%20\(1\).webp)

Protecting Your Rights In The Heart of New Yorkâs Financial District

## Experienced. Exceptional. Trustworthy.

Weâre a full-service, plaintiff-side law firm based in New York Cityâs
Financial District. At Mizrahi Kroub, we pride ourselves on protecting the
rights of the average consumer and disabled individuals. As your attorneys,
we're dedicated to you. This means that our time, attention, and resources are
at your disposal, regardless of the size of your case.Â Â  
  
As a firm, weâve successfully litigated large class-action lawsuits against
some of the wealthiest corporations in the United States, all while
representing the interests of everyday people in smaller individual actions.

50+

Years of collective experience

$1 Billion

Recovered for our clients

5,000+

cases settled

## Full-service Plaintiff-side Law Firm

act

### Employment Discrimination

Employment discrimination is a pervasive issue in workplaces across New York
and the United States. It refers to unfair and illegal treatment of employees
or job applicants based on certain protected characteristics. These
characteristics include race, color, religion, sex, gender, national origin,
age, disability, and in some cases, sexual orientation or gender identity.
Employment discrimination can occur at any stage of the employment process,
from hiring and promotion to termination and beyond.

Learn More

act

### Sexual Harassment

Sexual harassment in the workplace is a form of discrimination based on sex.
It encompasses unwelcome sexual advances, requests for sexual favors, and
other verbal or physical conduct of a sexual nature that creates a hostile or
offensive work environment. It is prohibited by federal and state laws,
including Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the New York Human
Rights Law.

Learn More

act

### Workplace Retaliation

Workplace retaliation occurs when an employer takes adverse action against an
employee for engaging in legally protected activity. If you have experienced
retaliation at work, you might be able to make a claim against the responsible
party.

Learn More

act

### Workplace Safety Violations

All New York employees have the right to a safe working environment free from
recognized hazards. Employers can be held liable for workplace safety
violations when they fail to provide safe conditions.

Learn More

act

### Employment Law

Employment law governs the relationship between employers and employees and
sets clear guidelines that employers must follow when hiring, managing, and
terminating employees.

Learn More

act

### Special Education Law

The Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) entitles your child to
special education services. If your child is receiving special education
services at their school, youâre no stranger to long meetings and mounds of
paperwork. You are entitled to representation if you feel your child has been
neglected at school or their Individualized Education Program (IEP) has been
violated.

Learn More

act

### Fair Credit Reporting Act

The Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA) was enacted to ensure the privacy and
fairness of consumer information in credit bureau files. The FCRA protects you
by giving you access to information in your credit file, the ability to
request access to all information that a consumer reporting agency has about
you, and the right to freeze your credit report and keep you informed on other
credit-related issues.

Learn More

act

### Americans with Disabilities Act

As a firm that has already successfully handled thousands of disability cases
in federal court, weâre confident that we can help you, too. Weâll work
with you to ensure youâre compensated for the offending corporationâs
discriminatory practices and lack of physical and digital accessibility.

Learn More

act

### Mass Torts

Weâve represented thousands of clients that have sustained injuries from
harmful products manufactured and marketed by some of the largest
multinational corporations. Weâll counsel you on how to take the proper
steps to receive compensation and justice for your injuries.

Learn More

act

### Class Actions

Weâve successfully litigated large class-action lawsuits against some of the
wealthiest corporations in the United States and represented the interests of
individuals in more minor lawsuits. Additionally, our firm has built a
respectable reputation by successfully representing high volumes of federal
cases.

Learn More

act

### Employment Discrimination

Employment discrimination is a pervasive issue in workplaces across New York
and the United States. It refers to unfair and illegal treatment of employees
or job applicants based on certain protected characteristics. These
characteristics include race, color, religion, sex, gender, national origin,
age, disability, and in some cases, sexual orientation or gender identity.
Employment discrimination can occur at any stage of the employment process,
from hiring and promotion to termination and beyond.

Learn More

act

### Sexual Harassment

Sexual harassment in the workplace is a form of discrimination based on sex.
It encompasses unwelcome sexual advances, requests for sexual favors, and
other verbal or physical conduct of a sexual nature that creates a hostile or
offensive work environment. It is prohibited by federal and state laws,
including Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the New York Human
Rights Law.

Learn More

act

### Workplace Retaliation

Workplace retaliation occurs when an employer takes adverse action against an
employee for engaging in legally protected activity. If you have experienced
retaliation at work, you might be able to make a claim against the responsible
party.

Learn More

act

### Workplace Safety Violations

All New York employees have the right to a safe working environment free from
recognized hazards. Employers can be held liable for workplace safety
violations when they fail to provide safe conditions.

Learn More

act

### Employment Law

Employment law governs the relationship between employers and employees and
sets clear guidelines that employers must follow when hiring, managing, and
terminating employees.

Learn More

act

### Special Education Law

The Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) entitles your child to
special education services. If your child is receiving special education
services at their school, youâre no stranger to long meetings and mounds of
paperwork. You are entitled to representation if you feel your child has been
neglected at school or their Individualized Education Program (IEP) has been
violated.

Learn More

act

### Fair Credit Reporting Act

The Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA) was enacted to ensure the privacy and
fairness of consumer information in credit bureau files. The FCRA protects you
by giving you access to information in your credit file, the ability to
request access to all information that a consumer reporting agency has about
you, and the right to freeze your credit report and keep you informed on other
credit-related issues.

Learn More

act

### Americans with Disabilities Act

As a firm that has already successfully handled thousands of disability cases
in federal court, weâre confident that we can help you, too. Weâll work
with you to ensure youâre compensated for the offending corporationâs
discriminatory practices and lack of physical and digital accessibility.

Learn More

act

### Mass Torts

Weâve represented thousands of clients that have sustained injuries from
harmful products manufactured and marketed by some of the largest
multinational corporations. Weâll counsel you on how to take the proper
steps to receive compensation and justice for your injuries.

Learn More

act

### Class Actions

Weâve successfully litigated large class-action lawsuits against some of the
wealthiest corporations in the United States and represented the interests of
individuals in more minor lawsuits. Additionally, our firm has built a
respectable reputation by successfully representing high volumes of federal
cases.

Learn More

## Our Attorneys Have Been Featured In

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/62e41a8ae39e9613b64573df/635936e67bc52c8e9d091700_law-street-
new.png)![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/62e41a8ae39e9613b64573df/635936e7171dea277f43c74d_Reuters-
Logo.png)![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/62e41a8ae39e9613b64573df/635936e6a145039d43096fa4_super-lawyers-
logo-1.png)![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/62e41a8ae39e9613b64573df/635936e65ad3fa47d1e46792_Daily-News-
Updated3.png)![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/62e41a8ae39e9613b64573df/635936e75ad3fa417be4679a_New-York-Times-
logo.png)![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/62e41a8ae39e9613b64573df/635936e7171deaafb343c74f_Consumer_Reports_logo_2016.svg.png)![](https://assets-
global.website-
files.com/62e41a8ae39e9613b64573df/635936e6f63b890a820b9a67_bankrate-
logo-4.png)![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/62e41a8ae39e9613b64573df/63ee7675b2d3fcad6a8de2e0_Law360-removebg-
preview.png)

## Call Us Today For A Free Consultation.

Call (212) 595-6200ï

![Zoom In Image](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/62e41a8ae39e9613b64573df/62e988aec701cd6fce114d75_AdobeStock_346343735.jpg)

## Results

Whether weâre going up against national corporations or fighting for your
childâs rights at school, at Mizrahi Kroub, we see things through to the
end. Donât just take our word for it; see what some of our clients have to
say about us.

Learn More

## Testimonials

Our Clientsâ Success Storiesï¡

Clients

"I always had such a great experience when working with this group. Joey is
super knowledgeable and helpful. He made sure to be very thorough and
professional. Definitely recommend!!!"

-Renee M.

"Rare to find a firm so dedicated to their client. I felt heard and
represented. Appreciated their patience and advice. Would highly recommend."

-Lily S. 

"I was very pleased with this firm's services. Joseph and Ed were professional
and knowledgeable and not only helped me resolve my legal issues, but were
patient with me and made sure i understood what was transpiring every step of
the way. I highly recommend them and their team."

-Michael G.

"Mr. Mizrahi definitely provides top quality service. He really goes out of
his way for his clients. He was always available to answer all my questions.
It was a pleasure working with him. I highly recommend Mr. Mizrahi."

-Michael J.

"Were extremely patient and kind. They make you feel comfortable asking any
question and make you feel taken care of. I would highly recommend!"

-Jacob S.

## From The Blog

Read Moreï¡

![Edward Kroub, Esq. Of Mizrahi Kroub LLP Awarded 2024 Lawyers Of
Distinction](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/62e9a5d166e67056e912a3fc/6544f5d94031efb344dbeabf_LAWYERSOF2024.png)

November 3, 2023

#### Edward Kroub, Esq. Of Mizrahi Kroub LLP Awarded 2024 Lawyers Of
Distinction

Edward Kroub, Esq. Of Mizrahi Kroub LLP Awarded 2024 Lawyers Of Distinction.

Read More

![Is There a Time Limit for Sexual Harassment Claims in New
York?](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/62e9a5d166e67056e912a3fc/652fe8d5e546ec8ca98c80b0_MKL-sexual.jpg)

October 12, 2023

#### Is There a Time Limit for Sexual Harassment Claims in New York?

If you have experienced harassment at work, you can file a sexual harassment
claim to seek justice.

Read More

![Can I Sue My Employer for Sexual Harassment?](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/62e9a5d166e67056e912a3fc/652fe55f2e2b5971fbd7491d_MKL-
EMPLOYMENT.jpg)

October 1, 2023

#### Can I Sue My Employer for Sexual Harassment?

An experienced lawyer can help you understand your rights and file a sexual
harassment case.

Read More

Load More Articles

## Contact Us Today

Call (212) 595-6200ï

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/62e41a8ae39e9613b64573df/6329ff473f22bdb2adb77940_Screenshot%202022-08-02%20114528-darker.png)

Main Office

225 Broadway, 39th Floor  
New York, NY 10007

(212) 595-6200info@mizrahikroub.com

Â© Mizrahi Kroub LLP 2022

Website by NOMOS Marketing | Privacy Policy

