![Logo of Edelman & Edelman, P.C.](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1201555/2019/08/brand-scrolled.png)

  * Home
  * About Us
    * Our Medical Advantage
    * Why Hire Our Law Firm
    * No Fee Unless You Win – Our Promise To You
  * Our Lawyers
    * Martin W. Edelman
    * Paul F. Callan
    * Paul H. Maloney IV
    * Howard R. Engle
    * David Pollack
    * Danny Cevallos
    * Michael K. O’Donnell
    * Alana Landa
    * Cleo Johnson
    * Cameron Thompson
  * What We Do
    * Personal Injury
    * Construction Accidents
    * Traumatic Brain Injuries
    * Medical Malpractice
    * Wrongful Death
    * Unsafe Products
    * Wrongful Convictions
  * Client Testimonials
  * Case Results
  * Client Reviews
  * Media
    * Firm Videos
    * Blog
  * Contact

FREE CONSULTATION  
212-235-1197

![Edelman & Edelman | Attorneys And Counselors At Law](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1201555/2019/08/brand.png)

Call us __212-235-1197  
OR Schedule A Free Consultation

  * Home
  * About Us
    * Our Medical Advantage
    * Why Hire Our Law Firm
    * No Fee Unless You Win – Our Promise To You
  * Our Lawyers
    * Martin W. Edelman
    * Paul F. Callan
    * Paul H. Maloney IV
    * Howard R. Engle
    * David Pollack
    * Danny Cevallos
    * Michael K. O’Donnell
    * Alana Landa
    * Cleo Johnson
    * Cameron Thompson
  * What We Do
    * Personal Injury
    * Construction Accidents
    * Traumatic Brain Injuries
    * Medical Malpractice
    * Wrongful Death
    * Unsafe Products
    * Wrongful Convictions
  * Client Testimonials
  * Case Results
  * Client Reviews
  * Media
    * Firm Videos
    * Blog
  * Contact

![Edelman & Edelman | Attorneys And Counselors At Law](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1201555/2019/08/brand.png)

  * Home
  * About Us
    * Our Medical Advantage
    * Why Hire Our Law Firm
    * No Fee Unless You Win – Our Promise To You
  * Our Lawyers
    * Martin W. Edelman
    * Paul F. Callan
    * Paul H. Maloney IV
    * Howard R. Engle
    * David Pollack
    * Danny Cevallos
    * Michael K. O’Donnell
    * Alana Landa
    * Cleo Johnson
    * Cameron Thompson
  * What We Do
    * Personal Injury
    * Construction Accidents
    * Traumatic Brain Injuries
    * Medical Malpractice
    * Wrongful Death
    * Unsafe Products
    * Wrongful Convictions
  * Client Testimonials
  * Case Results
  * Client Reviews
  * Media
    * Firm Videos
    * Blog
  * Contact

FREE CONSULTATION  
212-235-1197

English | Español | Polski

Attorney Advertising

You’re Lookin’ At Your Lawyers

- Over **$600,000,000** Recovered For Our Clients

CALL 212-235-1197 OR **SCHEDULE A FREE CONSULTATION** TO GET STARTED

Professionals at Edelman & Edelman, P.C.

IN THIS SECTION

# We Obtain Superior Results

We know that there are a lot of firms you can choose from to handle your case.
However, we are the only firm that has a reputation for being as diligent,
thorough and committed to your success. When you choose Edelman & Edelman,
P.C., you know that everything possible will be done to secure the best
available outcome for you and your family.

## $22 Million

Polio Victim  
-



## $6.3 Million

Car Accident  
-

## $13 Million

Construction Accident  
Traumatic Brain Injury

_Español_

## $5.8 Million

Scaffold Accident  
-



See More Testimonials

## **Child Victims Act:**  
A New Opportunity For Justice

New York Recently passed the Child Victims Act. This important law extends the
statute of limitations for child abuse victims and it opens a window for
victims to bring claims. This window will not stay open long, though, so if
you have been a victim of child sex abuse, you need to act fast. Call an
attorney from our firm today to get the justice you deserve. Learn more about
our experience helping victims of child sexual abuse.

Do not wait. Contact our lawyers today to discuss your case in a free
consultation. 212-235-1197.

Discover More about the Child Victims Act

### Paul Callan

Attorney &  
CNN Legal Analyst

View CNN Profile

![CNN](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1201555/2019/08/cnn-logo.png)

  

Photo of Paul F. Callan

### Danny Cevallos

Attorney & Legal Analyst  
for NBC and MSNBC

View Profile

![EE](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1201555/2020/10/ee-icon.jpg)

  

Photo of Danny Cevallos

## What We Do

![Construction Accidents](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1201555/2021/06/new1.png)

Construction Accidents

![Motor Vehicle Accidents](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1201555/2021/06/new2.png)

Motor Vehicle Accidents

![Bicycle Accidents](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1201555/2021/06/new3.png)

Bicycle Accidents

![Traumatic Brain Injuries](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1201555/2021/06/new4.png)

Traumatic Brain Injuries

![Slip & Fall Accidents](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1201555/2021/06/new5.png)

Slip & Fall Accidents

![Burn Injuries](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1201555/2021/06/new6.png)

Burn Injuries

![Wrongful Death](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1201555/2021/06/new7.png)

Wrongful Death

![Medical Malpractice](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1201555/2021/06/new8.png)

Medical Malpractice

![Unsafe Products](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1201555/2021/06/new9.png)

Unsafe Products

![Sexual Abuse](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1201555/2021/06/new10.png)

Sexual Abuse

![Wrongful Convictions](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1201555/2021/06/p11.png)

Wrongful Convictions

![Bad Faith Insurance Claims](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1201555/2021/06/p8.png)

Bad Faith Insurance Claims

![Premises Liability - Fire Injuries](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1201555/2022/10/PL_FI.png)

Premises Liability - Fire Injuries

Based in New York City, **Edelman & Edelman, P.C.**, represents clients
throughout **Manhattan, Queens, Brooklyn, Bronx, Staten Island, Long Island &
New Jersey**.

## We Go All In — And Don't Stop There

We do not accept standard answers to complex questions. We dig deep for the
truth and work hard to ensure that all negligent parties are held accountable
for the harm you have suffered. Other lawyers have told us we go far beyond
what they would do in search of victory, but we don't know how to do it any
other way. You may not know it yet, but you're lookin' at your lawyers.

How Can We Help?

## Frequently Asked Questions

If you have suffered a serious injury due to the negligence of a person or
business, you likely have many questions about your legal rights. At Edelman &
Edelman, P.C., our attorneys have the knowledge and insight to answer all of
your questions.

![](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1201555/2021/06/iStock-1135428296web-
compressed.jpg)

### How long do I have to file a personal injury claim?

The statute of limitations for many personal injury claims in New York is
three years, but that time limit can be significantly shorter in certain
situations, including when the case involves negligence by a government
employee. Don’t wait until it is too late. Contact us right away to learn how
long you have to file your personal injury claim.

### What should I do after suffering a serious personal injury?

Whether your personal injury was caused by a motor vehicle accident, a bike
crash, a defective/dangerous product or anything in between, there are four
important steps you should consider:

  1. Seek necessary medical attention;
  2. Call 911, whether you need police or an ambulance;
  3. Gather evidence and information, including photos of the injury/accident and names/contact information of any witnesses; and
  4. Contact one of our attorneys to learn your legal rights.

### What should I NOT do after suffering a serious personal injury?

First, DO NOT forget to complete the four steps already mentioned:

  1. Get necessary medical help for your personal injury;
  2. Call 911;
  3. Gather evidence; and
  4. Contact an attorney.

In addition, you should never admit fault or speak to the other side,
including the other party’s insurance company or their lawyer. They will use
what you say against you, so have your own personal injury lawyer communicate
on your behalf. Lastly, never accept a settlement offer for your injury
without first discussing it with an attorney.

### What are the most common causes of construction accidents?

Otherwise known as the “Fatal Four,” these few construction hazards cause well
over half of all fatal construction accidents every year:

  1. Falls from heights;
  2. Hit/struck by objects;
  3. Caught-between/in accidents; and
  4. Electrocution.

### What is New York's Scaffolding Law, and why is it important?

This law requires all property owners and general contractors to provide
construction workers with proper safety equipment — including scaffolding —
when work is being done to a building. If they fail to do this and a worker is
injured, the owner or contractor will be legally liable. In many cases, this
law provides injured construction workers with the most effective legal
remedy.

## Verdicts & Settlements

![](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1201555/2020/09/slidenew.png)

![](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1201555/2019/08/slide2.png)

![](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1201555/2019/08/slide3.png)

![](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1201555/2019/08/slide4.png)

![](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1201555/2019/08/slide5.png)

![](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1201555/2019/08/slide1.png)

## What Our Clients Say About UsWatch a video testimonial to hear their story:

![](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1201555/2019/08/client-img-12.jpg)

Personal Injury View Story

![](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1201555/2019/08/client-img-1.jpg)

Construction Injury View Story

![](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1201555/2019/08/client-img-2.jpg)

Motor Vehicle Accident View Story

![](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1201555/2019/08/client-img-3.jpg)

Medical Malpractice View Story

![](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1201555/2019/08/client-img-4.jpg)

Pedestrian Accident View Story

![](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1201555/2019/08/client-img-5.jpg)

Construction Head Injury View Story

![](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1201555/2019/08/client-img-6.jpg)

Construction Wrist Injury View Story

![](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1201555/2019/08/client-img-7.jpg)

Personal Injury View Story

![](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1201555/2019/08/client-img-8.jpg)

Construction Injury View Story

![](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1201555/2019/08/client-img-9.jpg)

Construction Injury View Story

![](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1201555/2019/08/client-img-10.jpg)

Construction Injury View Story

![](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1201555/2019/08/client-img-11.jpg)

Slip & Fall Injury View Story

![](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1201555/2019/08/client-img-13.jpg)

Defective Product View Story

View All Testimonials

Celebrating Over

Years Of Experience

## We Are Your Advocates

For over 65 years Edelman & Edelman, P.C., has been New York City's premier
law firm for representation in complex, negligence and civil litigation
matters. Our attorneys continue to amass an impressive record of multimillion-
dollar settlements and precedent-setting verdicts in cases ranging from
scaffolding falls to wrongful conviction and incarceration.

![Photo of Martin Edelman](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1201555/2022/08/at1.png)

## Martin Edelman

Our firm is set apart by the level of knowledge and skill of our attorneys.
Martin Edelman has long been known for his understanding of serious injuries
and his ability to present a compelling case for damages even when the
doctors' diagnosis indicated no substantial damage. We diligently pursue all
options in an effort to secure the best possible outcome on your behalf.

View Attorney Profile

![Rated by Super Lawyers | Martin Edelman | 15 years](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1201555/2023/04/super.png)

![Martin W. Edelman Recognized By Best Lawyers 2023](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1201555/2022/08/best-lawyers-2023.png)

![Martin W. Edelman Recognized By Best Lawyers 2022](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1201555/2022/08/202222.png)

![Martin W. Edelman Recognized By Best Lawyers 2021](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1201555/2022/08/2021.png)

![Martin W. Edelman Recognized By Best Lawyers 2020](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1201555/2022/08/2020.png)

![Martin W. Edelman Recognized By Best Lawyers 2019](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1201555/2022/08/2019.png)

## 3 Reasons To Hire Us

1

**We Go All In:** With every case we accept, we put all of the firm’s
resources behind our pursuit of a positive outcome. We are not afraid to spend
whatever amount is necessary to present a winning case on your behalf.

2

**We Hire The Best Experts:** We do our homework and find the experts who are
doing the most cutting-edge research on your type of injury. We regularly work
with medical experts, scientists, people from academia and others.

3

**We Know Our Opposition:** In our sixty-five years in business, we have seen
all the tactics opposing attorneys uses. We use proven strategies to match
them and act swiftly to overcome any attempt to limit your compensation.

## Seeing Is Believing

Helping a jury understand a complex injury and its impact on a victim can be
very difficult. We use state-of-the-art visual and tactile tools to
communicate sophisticated medical concepts in a manner that is easy to
understand for the judge and jury. Edelman & Edelman, P.C., are pioneers in
the use of demonstrative evidence in construction and personal injury claims.

![Martin W. Edelman Recognized By Best Lawyers 2022](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1201555/2022/08/202222.png)

![Martin W. Edelman Recognized By Best Lawyers 2021](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1201555/2022/08/2021.png)

![Martin W. Edelman Recognized By Best Lawyers 2020](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1201555/2022/08/2020.png)

![Martin W. Edelman Recognized By Best Lawyers 2019](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1201555/2022/08/2019.png)

![Best Lawyers | Best Law Firms | U.S.News & World Report | 2022](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1201555/2022/08/Best-law-firm2022.png)

![Super Lawyers](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1201555/2019/08/superlawyers-1.jpg)

![Accredited Business | Rating: A+](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1201555/2019/08/image-badge2-ppc.png)

![Brain Injury Trial Lawyers | Top 25](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1201555/2019/08/NBITLA-1.png)

![Martindale-Hubbell | AV Preeminent | Peer Rated For Highest Level of
Professional Excellence | 2020](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1201555/2019/08/AV-
Preeminent.png)

![Multi-Million Dollar Advocates Forum](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1201555/2019/08/mmdaf-1.png)

![The National Trial Lawyers Top 100](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1201555/2019/08/NationalTrialLawyers-1.jpg)

![10 Best 2 Years | Attorney Client Satisfaction | American Institute of
Personal Injury Attorneys](/wp-content/uploads/sites/1201555/2019/08/BEST-
PIA-1.png)

## Call 212-235-1197 or contact us below to find out how we can help.

## Schedule Your Free Consultation With A Lawyer

For construction accidents, personal injury and wrongful conviction claims,
you will not find a more qualified legal team than Edelman & Edelman, P.C. We
invite you to contact us to schedule a no-obligation initial consultation
where you can learn more about how we can help you.

Please call 212-235-1197 or contact us via email to arrange an appointment.

Martin W. Edelman and Photo of Paul F. Callan.

EMAIL US FOR A RESPONSE

## Contact The Firm

![Edelman & Edelman | Attorneys And Counselors At Law](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1201555/2019/08/brand-footer.png)

__  
**Edelman & Edelman, P.C.**  
61 Broadway, Suite 2220  
| New York,  NY  10006

New York Office »

contact our firm »

Free Consultations  
Phone: 212-235-1197

  * Follow
  * Follow
  * Follow
  * Follow

BACK TO TOP

Home | Disclaimer | Privacy Policy | Site Map | Contact Us | © 2023 by Edelman
& Edelman, P.C. All rights reserved.

At Edelman & Edelman, P.C., we value your feedback.

Write Us A Review

