Skip to main content __

  * About Us
  * Our Practice
    * Business Litigation
    * Corporate & Transactional
    * Employment Litigation & Counseling
    * Mediation & Arbitration
    * Real Estate
  * Attorneys
    * Peter S. Roeser
    * Matthew D. Tanner
    * Darrell J. Graham
    * Charles S. Bergen
    * Zachary P. Rustad
    * Ashley J. Stump
  * Clients
  * News & Insights
  * Contact

Close Menu __

  * Legal & Privacy
  * Sitemap

Menu  
 __

  * Business Litigation
  * Employment Matters
  * Corporate & Transactional

Menu  
 __

# About Us

## We built this firm to deliver real litigation value.

**Roeser Tanner & Graham** is a Chicago-based boutique law firm dedicated to
providing clients with tailored, high-quality legal services and personal
attention.

Representing a broad range of clients, from international Fortune 100
companies to tech startups, family-owned businesses and individuals, we offer
unparalleled experience in business litigation, employment matters, and
business and real estate transactions.

**Experienced litigators.** We have a proven record of successfully protecting
our clients’ interests, whether it be high-stakes, multimillion-dollar
litigation or proactive strategies to avoid litigation altogether.

We know that a cookie-cutter approach will not suffice in today’s complex and
continually-shifting legal environment. Our objective in every case is to
identify the most efficient and effective strategy for success, while aligning
with our clients’ broader business objectives.

Our litigation partners are highly regarded in the legal industry with each
earning the honor of being named an Illinois Super Lawyer®, while the firm and
its lawyers are AV Rated Preeminent® by both peers and clients.

**Trusted advisors.** We close hundreds of transactions every year for real
estate developers, tech startups, restaurateurs, family-owned business and
individuals. From forming a new business entity to purchasing, selling or
leasing real estate, our holistic counsel offers a 360-degree view of each
client’s business.

**Relationship builders.** We value building deep, longstanding relationships
with clients. This core value influences the way we work every day, from how
we treat our clients to how we charge for our work.

We deliver more than positive results – we deliver a positive experience.

**Innovative billing arraignments.** We recognize that no two legal matters
are the same, which is why we avoid a “one size fits all” approach to charging
for our services. We devise creative ways for clients to manage costs – from
hourly rates to alternative and/or fixed billing arrangements – without
compromising quality, responsiveness or results.

**Partners.** We are trusted partners, committed to taking on each client’s
interests as our own.

## Our Practice

  * Business Litigation
  * Corporate & Transactional
  * Employment Litigation & Counseling
  * Mediation & Arbitration
  * Real Estate

Practice Areas Select a Practice Area Business Litigation Corporate &
Transactional Employment Litigation & Counseling Mediation & Arbitration Real
Estate

### Related Pages

  * Our Practice
  * Attorneys
  * Clients
  * News & Insights
  * Contact

Pages Select a Page Our Practice Attorneys Clients News & Insights Contact

copyright (C) 2024 Roeser Tanner & Graham LLC. All Rights Reserved.

  * Legal & Privacy
  * Sitemap

