Skip to content  * Homepage  * Practice Areas  * Better Representation  * Our Team  * FAQs  * Get In TouchMenu  * Homepage  * Practice Areas  * Better Representation  * Our Team  * FAQs  * Get In TouchTalk to an Attorney Today# Our Team### We're here to listen, identify your needs, and then execute them fully. ## Jay J. Dermer, Esq.### Founder & Chief CounselMr. Jay Dermer is a dedicated and seasoned attorney with nearly a decade of fiercely advocating for his clients' rights. His legal journey began as a public defender, representing individuals without the means to hire legal representation. Later, as a prosecutor for Palm Beach County, he tirelessly fought to safeguard our community. Mr. Dermer is a one-of-a-kind trial attorney in his style and creativity who has over 50 jury trials to date. Mr. Dermer's diverse legal background uniquely positions him as a highly qualified personal injury attorney who doesn't shy away from pursuing justice or taking opposing counsel to trial. He further refined his skills at a Miami-based, over 60-year-old personal injury law firm, where he served as the Managing Partner for Broward County before establishing Dermer Law Firm. It was during his tenure in this role that Mr. Dermer identified gaps in the personal injury sector, prompting him to establish Dermer Law Firm. His belief is that clients deserve honest, respectful, empowering, and dedicated counsel during their most vulnerable moments.On a more personal note, Jay is a Miami Beach native and a third-generation South Florida lawyer. His upbringing, steeped in the legal profession, gives him a deep understanding of what it means to truly counsel clients. When he's not passionately advocating for his clients, you'll find him spending quality time with his family, reading a good book, or pursuing his love of fly fishing.#### Jenifer Alberto##### Director & ParalegalJenifer is ready and able to assist you from the beginning of the case to the end including assisting in any litigation matters. A great multitasker, some would say a Jen-of-All Trades! She is fluent in Spanish.Email Me#### Anna Lisa##### Litigation ParalegalAnna is the Litigation Paralegal for you. She brings empathy, compassion, and all around positive energy to helping you on your healing journey. From the beginning of treatment to the end of litigation she remains committed to you and your cause. Email Me###### Heres the Proof## Results by Jay J. Dermer, Esq.Each case presents it's own unique facts and circumstances.## $650,000## Department Store Accident## $255,000## Car Accident## $250,000## Rideshare Accident## $1,000,000## Premises Liability## $350,000## Rideshare Accident## $125,000## Stairwell Accident## $100,000## Slip & Fall## $140,000## Hotel Accident## $135,000 ## Slip & Fall## $285,000## Car Accident## $285,000## Car Accident## $175,000## Department Store Accident## $160,000## Nail Salon Accident## $345,000## Parking Lot Accident## $175,000## Slip & FallClients. Not Cases.### It's at the root of everything we are.Talk to an Attorney TodayMenu   * Homepage  * Practice Areas  * Better Representation  * Our Team  * FAQs  * Get In Touch  * Homepage  * Practice Areas  * Better Representation  * Our Team  * FAQs  * Get In TouchLocations We Serve   * Pam Beach County  * Miami Dade County  * Broward County  * Martin County  * Lee County  * Glades County  * & All of FloridaCall or Text Us: (561) 486-4004700 S. Rosemary Ave. #204  West Palm Beach, FL 33401[email protected]  Fax: (561) 260-5102Linkedin FacebookCopyright 2023 Dermer Law FirmThis website has been prepared by Dermer Law Firm for informational purposes only and does not constitute legal advice. The information is not provided in the course of an attorney-client relationship and is not intended to substitute for legal advice from an attorney licensed in your jurisdiction. The information contained in this website is provided only as general information, which may or may not reflect the most current legal developments. This website occasionally contains links to other web pages. The inclusion of such links, however, does not constitute referrals or endorsements of the linked entities. Dermer Law Firm specifically disclaims any responsibility for positions taken by users in their individual cases or for any misunderstanding on the part of users of this website or any linked websites.The hiring of a lawyer is an important decision that should not be based solely upon advertisements. Before you decide, ask us to send you free, written information about our qualifications and experience.