__

  *   * 

  * ____

__

__

  * About
    * About the Firm
    * Why You Need A Transactional Attorney
    * You might find interesting
  * People
  * Practice   
Areas

    * Contract Law
    * Professional Responsibility and Ethics
    * International Law
    * Technology and Internet Law
    * Data protection & Privacy
    * Corporate and M&A
    * Bankruptcy
    * Space Law
  * Services
    * Lawyers for Lawyers Services
    * International Services
    * International Agreements
    * Contract and Business Services
    * Bridging services in international litigation and transactions
    * ADR
  * Publications
  * Resources
  * Diversity &   
Inclusion

  * Contacts

  *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   * 

SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER

nathancrystal.com

# ENHANCING VALUE FOR OUR CLIENTS

Crystal & Giannoni-Crystal, LLC (CGC) is a **boutique law firm** that is
committed to offer personalized legal services to clients, both individuals
and companies, and law firms.  
The extensive experience and the dedication of its founders allow the firm to
meet clients’ needs in the U.S. and internationally in selected areas of the
law…[read more]

READ OUR BLOG

## LATEST NEWS

  * By: fgiannoni
  * On: October 3, 2023

#### Francesca Giannoni-Crystal has recently written three papers in the space
law field

Francesca Giannoni-Crystal, Asset-based Financing for Space Activities:
Problems and Solutions,Journal of Air Law & Commerce, forthcoming (Spring
2024). Francesca Giannoni-Crystal,...

  * By: fgiannoni
  * On: July 31, 2023

#### Ethics Watch Columns

Nathan Crystal continues to write his bimonthly column on Ethics Watch for the
South Carolina Lawyer. He has published the...

  * By: fgiannoni
  * On: May 17, 2023

#### PLI Program

Nathan Crystal and Craig Dobson spoke at a Practicing Law Briefing attended by
close to 1000 lawyers. Their topic was...

READ ALL LATEST NEWS

=

## From our Facebook page

156

### Crystal & Giannoni-Crystal, LLC

Law Firm

Comments Box SVG iconsUsed for the like, share, comment, and reaction icons

Crystal & Giannoni-Crystal, LLC

7 months ago

“#Cybersecurity Gaps Could Put Astronauts at Grave Risk (Houston, we may have
a malware problem)” Currently “there is little to keep a bad actor or a
manipulated crew member onboard a spacecraft from” taking control of computers
on board. spectrum-ieee-
org.cdn.ampproject.org/c/s/spectrum.ieee.org/amp/cybersecurity-in-
space-2660617684 #space #moonrace ... See MoreSee Less

Cybersecurity Gaps Could Put Astronauts at Grave Risk

spectrum-ieee-org.cdn.ampproject.org

Houston, we may have a malware problem

Crystal & Giannoni-Crystal, LLC

8 months ago

"Is the US in a #space race against China?" Maybe but not a tight race... The
article discusses how the US is significantly ahead of China under many
aspects. #moonrace ... See MoreSee Less

Is the US in a space race against China?

www.space.com

This idea of a space race between China and the U.S. sounds convincing given
the broader narrative of China's rise, but how accurate is it?

Crystal & Giannoni-Crystal, LLC

8 months ago

#China National Space Administration is to set up a structure to coordinate
the activities related to the International Lunar Research Station (of China):
International Lunar Research Station Cooperation Organization (ILRSCO). The
structure will be similar to the Artemis Accords. #space #moon ... See MoreSee
Less

China to establish organization to coordinate international moon base

spacenews.com

China to establish organization to coordinate international moon base China
National Space Administration will soon set up an organization to oversee and
coordinate the China-led International Lunar R...

Load more

  * Sitemap
  * Disclaimer
  * Privacy Policy
  * Attorney Advertising
  * Proprietary Rights

  

#### Crystal & Giannoni-Crystal, LLC is a "lawyers for lawyers and
international matters" boutique law firm. The firm has offices in all around
the world.

  
© 2018 Crystal & Giannoni-Crystal, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.
If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with itI
CONSENTPrivacy policy

