Home

About

Attorney Profile

Blake Hannafan

Practice Areas

Commercial Litigation

Personal Injury

Appellate

Employment Litigation

White Collar Criminal Defense

Trust & Estate Litigation

News

Contact Us

# Hannafan & Hannafan, Ltd.

Home

About

Attorney Profile

Blake Hannafan

Practice Areas

Commercial Litigation

Personal Injury

Appellate

Employment Litigation

White Collar Criminal Defense

Trust & Estate Litigation

News

Contact Us

Hannafan & Hannafan, Ltd.

 **BIG LAW FIRM EXPERTISE AT A SMALL FIRM PRICE**

View Our Case Results



# EXPERIENCED CHICAGO ATTORNEYS WHO CARE



With deep experience at some of the biggest law firms in Chicago, we at
Hannafan & Hannafan offer you personalized service and high quality counsel at
a competitive price.  Since we do not have the overhead of a large law firm,
our rates are attractive.  Additionally, we can precisely tailor our expertise
to your needs.  We listen, we care, and we respond.

_Our personal approach allows our firm to provide guidance to you in the
following areas:  _

### **commercial LITIGATION**

Repeatedly awarded one of the Best Lawyers in America, specifically for Bet-
the-Company litigation and commercial litigation, we help our clients resolve
business disputes.

### **personal injury**

We fight for the rights of those who have suffered harm due to the negligence
of others. Look to Hannafan & Hannafan for compassionate, effective advocacy.

### **APPELLATE**

Do you want to appeal a case?  When there is a lot at stake and you believe
that the trial court made some mistakes, it is time to reach out to Hannafan &
Hannafan.

### **employment litigation**

Legal disputes between employers and employees are often intensely personal
and embarrassingly public.  With labor and employment laws being complex and
frequently changing, we stay on top of these laws and regulations.

### **WHITE COLLAR CRIMINAL DEFENSE**

White-collar crime refers to financially motivated nonviolent wrongdoing
committed by business and government professionals.  We defend those accused
against these criminal charges, fighting hard against prosecutors, police, and
witnesses who want to do harm to our clients in court.

### **TRUST & ESTATE LITIGATION**

Do you think that there has been a breach of fiduciary duty on your trust? If
so, you need an expert attorney to do this.

* * *

### _Highlighting our Lead Attorney:_ **Blake Hannafan**



Leading the firm is Blake Hannafan, who has over 20 years of experience
practicing law, including experience at Winston & Strawn.  He joined the firm
in 2002 and became a shareholder in 2006.  He has multiple years of trial
experience in commercial and employment litigation, antitrust, contract,
patent, and personal injury.  Mr. Hannafan has argued before the Seventh
Circuit Court of Appeals and the Illinois Appellate Court.  When you want to
find an experienced attorney to offer you legal advice and services, Blake
Hannafan is the one to call.

His firm, Hannafan & Hannafan, is a Chicago law firm that cares about their
clients and brings cases to successful closure.  





_We offer a complimentary initial consultation to new clients, so contact
Diana Mucker at_ ** _312-527-0055_** _or submit the contact form to schedule a
meeting or call._

Back to Top

Case Results

Trial Experience

312.527.0055 **  
**161 North Clark, Suite 1700, Chicago, IL 60601

