HOMELEAD ATTORNEYFAQsNEWSPATENTHONORSCONTACT US

# FAQs

THE LAW OFFICES OF BARRY D. LITES LLP

The following are a few frequently asked questions related to some of the
areas of the law practiced by the Law Offices of Barry D. Lites LLP. Â If you
do not see your question answered,  
please feel free to submit your question on the âContact Usâ  
email or call our office for a free consultation.

# OUR PUBLIC SECTOR CLIENTS

 **Q: I am thinking of buying an existing business. Should I take over the
sellerâs lease or enter into a new one with the landlord?**

A: Real estate is only one part of the subject of review when looking to buy a
business. The answer to the question depends on whether (1) the terms of the
lease are favorable compared with the current commercial rental market, and
(2) the landlord agrees to a transfer of the lease and is willing to state in
writing that the lease is valid and has no outstanding defaults. The lease
should be reviewed carefully to make sure that you will be able to operate
your business as planned.

 **Q: We need financing to expand our business? What are our options?**

A: Depending on the stage of your businessâ life, there are a number of
avenues for financing. Â Obviously, banks are a source of funding but they are
typically conservative, meaning that they will require a history of positive
business operation, assets to provide as collateral, etc. Â Private business
lenders are also an option. Â Their requirements may be more liberal than
traditional banks; however, they too often look for accounts receivable or
other collateral. Â Private equity firms provide both financing and
operational guidance but they often seek a measure of control of your business
in the form of equity (stock, etc.) in your company and/or board of director
seats. Â Each source of financing looks for assets such as cash on hand,
accounts receivable, innovative products and/or services, unique market
opportunities and intellectual property (patents, etc.). Â Call us for a free
consultation to discuss your options in real time.

# HEALTHCARE ALLIANCES

 **Q: I have received an offer from a local hospital to buy my practice.Â  
What should I look for?**

A: The term âbuyâ has taken on different meanings in the context of
healthcare practice acquisitions by hospitals. Often, the hospital assumes the
officeâs cost overhead and places the practitioners on salary. Key elements
to consider are term of the agreement, productivity requirements and overall
control over operation of the practice.

# REAL ESTATE

 **Q: I am thinking of buying commercial property. What should I consider
other than the rents the property is generating?**

A: As with buying a business (see above), there are many aspects of âdue
diligenceâ that must be performed prior to signing a contract to purchase
income-producing property. For example, the condition of the building must be
assessed, the use must be confirmed as legal under the applicable zoning laws,
the environmental status of the property (both the building and the land) must
be assessed. All of the results of the due diligence exercise will be captured
in the contract and other documents between the buyer and seller so that the
parties are protected from future liability..

 **Q: What should I do if I receive a notice of intent to foreclosure on my
home?**

A: Respond immediately. In New York, these notices are required to be sent 90
days prior to the start of foreclosure proceedings. Be honest about your
financial situation and try to find a resolution with your current lender. Do
not abandon your home as you will relinquish certain rights and expose your
home to possible vandalism. You can be held liable for the costs required to
repair any damage due to vandals.

 **Q: I have some property that I want to develop into condominiums.Â  
Where do I start?**

A: No matter where your property is located, you will first want an assessment
of the real estate market in order to determine that there is a market for the
type of property you are seeking to develop. Once you are satisfied that a
market exists, an assessment of the zoning rules that apply to your property
is necessary. We can help make that assessment to determine whether a zoning
change or variance is required. After that, site plans,environmental impact
statements, contractor selection and permittingÂ are all part of the process.

 **Q: How long does the foreclosure process take?**

A: Currently, in New York State, due to the overwhelming number of
foreclosures that are occurring monthly, foreclosure on your home can take up
to 24 months or more from the date you receive foreclosure papers. Use this
valuable time to improve your financial status and submit applications to bank
and government-funded loan modification programs that can potentially save
your home.

 **Q: What is a mortgage modification?**

A: A mortgage modification is a document that changes the terms of your
current mortgage. It can change the number of years the mortgage term (10, 15,
20, 30 or 40 years), the interest rate, and or the amount owed (a/k/a the
principal balance). Following a payment default, the goal of the modification
is to reduce the monthly payment to something that is affordable for the
borrower. A mortgage modification application requires many documents.The
process can take a long time.

 **Q: Is a commercial mortgage modification different from a residential
modification?**

A: From the borrowerâs perspective, both the commercial and the residential
mortgage modification seek to achieve the same result: lower monthly payments.
A commercial mortgage loan modification (also known as a workout), looks at
the income and expenses of the business as opposed to the residential
homeownerâsÂ  
personal income and expenses.

 **Q: What is a short sale? a deed in lieu of foreclosure?**

A: These are options for borrowers who are behind on their payments andare
facing foreclosure. A short sale is a sale of the home for less than the
principal balance of the mortgage loan. The homeowner must find the buyer. A
deed in lieu of foreclosure is when the homeowner transfers ownership of the
property the bank. Both options require bank approval. Most banks will require
that the homeowner to try to complete a short sale before they will accept a
deed in lieu of foreclosure.

 **Q: Is bankruptcy an option and how long do foreclosures and bankruptcies  
stay on your credit report?**

A: A bankruptcy will not help homeowners avoid paying their mortgage loans.
Bankruptcy should be considered when a person has significant amounts of
personal debts such as credit card debt and medical expenses. Foreclosures
stay on your credit report for seven years. Bankruptcies remain on your credit
history for 10 years.  
  
If you are facing foreclosure, considering bankruptcy or have other debt
relief issues, seek the expert advice that only an experienced real estate and
bankruptcy attorney can provide.

DISCLAIMER: Â Please note that viewing this website or any communication
through this website does not or will not (1) create a client-lawyer
relationship; (2) guarantee or warrant that any document or other information
submitted via this website will be kept confidential; (3) constitute the
provision or offering of legal advice; or (4) create any prohibition on the
part of any of the lawyers of this Firm from representing an adverse party

Law Offices of Barry D. Lites LLP  
23 Green Street, Suite 209, Huntington, NY 11743  
1177 Ave. of the Americas, New York, NY 10036 -  
(by appointment)  
P: 631-415-2219  
F: Â 631-824-9040

Â© Law Offices of Barry D. Lites LLP.  
All Rights Reserved

