Cohen & Buckmann, P.C.

Services  Insights  People  Careers  Contact Us  Search

![](https://static1.squarespace.com/static/ta/5a4e38baa803bb4e473f2a6d/420/assets/search.svg)

ServicesInsightsPeopleCareersContact Us

Cohen & Buckmann, P.C.

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION, PENSION & BENEFITS LAW

* * *

## Services

* * *

About Us

Executive Compensation

Employee Benefits & ERISA

Investment Advisory Law

Entrepreneurship

Employment Law

* * *

##  About us

* * *

Cohen & Buckmann is a boutique New York-based law firm that practices in the
areas of:

  * Executive Compensation Law (Section 409A, Contracts, Equity-based Compensation)

  * Employee Benefits Law, 401(k) Plans and Pensions, ERISA

  * Employment Law

  * Investment Adviser Law / Corporate Law and Private Investments

 **Our Philosophy** : We do not aspire to be all things to all people. We are
specific in our practice and as such have become known as the foremost
attorneys in each of our respective areas of law.

 **Our Best Work** : We handle some of the most complex areas of law related
to executive compensation, employee benefits, which includes ERISA, health and
welfare plans, 401(k) plans and other qualified and non-qualified retirement
plans, mergers & acquisitions, cross-border employment matters. We also advise
investment advisers on regulatory matters, as well as their fiduciary duties
to their clients, including pension plan clients. Our lawyers have been
recognized for their achievements by Chambers USA, Super Lawyers, Best Lawyers
in America, Who’s Who in America and Martindale-Hubbell. The firm has been
recognized by U.S. News and Best Lawyers “Best Law Firms” in the area of
Employee Benefits (ERISA). We are fortunate to be practicing in sophisticated,
interesting areas of the law for equally sophisticated and interesting
clients.

We represent:

  * C-Suite Executives and Executive Team

  * Companies and Employers of all sizes 

  * Clients referred to us by Law Firms and Accounting Firms

  * Investment Advisers and Managers 

Other law firms often hire us to handle matters that fall outside of their
scope of work. These typically are matters relating to Equity Plans, Executive
Compensation, Section 409A and ERISA matters. We are proud that these law
firms refer their clients to us on a regular basis because they trust us to
provide their clients with practical advice and counsel to their complex
issues. The fact that we have clients who have been with us for decades speaks
to the quality of our work and our attention to client to service. At Cohen &
Buckmann, we love what we do, we love to share our knowledge and our clients
love the results.

* * *

Back to top

![](https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/5a4e38baa803bb4e473f2a6d/1517233422456-9U643F9A6695G6I9XT8N/logo.png)

100 Park Avenue - 16 th Floor,  
New York, New York 10017

Other Locations: Westchester NY - Palm Beach FL

Insights RSS

Attorney Advertising - Our Website Terms and Conditions



### 212-489-9618  
  

### Home  
ABOUT US  
People  
INSIGHTS  
CONTACT US

