![](https://lirp.cdn-
website.com/eb0fd255/dms3rep/multi/opt/Green+savits+logo-1920w.png)

973-695-7777

  * HOME
  * ABOUT US
    * Attorneys
      * Jon W. Green
      * Glen D. Savits
      * Laura M. LoGiudice
      * Sara Kaplan
  * PRACTICE AREAS
    * Workplace Discrimination
    * Workplace Harassment And Hostile Work Environment
      * Sexual Harassment In The Workplace
      * Constructive Discharge Lawyers
    * Whistleblower Retaliation
    * Family Medical Leave
      * New Jersey Family Leave Act
      * Types of Leave Under FMLA
    * Wage & Hour Violations
    * Wrongful Discharge
    * Employment Contract Law
    * Restrictive Covenants and Non-Compete Agreements
    * Severance Pay Agreements
    * Disability Discrimination Lawyers
  * VERDICTS & SETTLEMENTS
  * FIRM NEWS
  * LEGAL UPDATES
  * BLOG
  * CONTACT

* * *

* * *

# Do you have legal issues with your job? Allow us to help.

Request a Consultation

#### 01 - Who We Are

## The Employee Rights Advocates

  

We at Green Savits, LLC have the experience and expertise in handling legal
matters in all areas of Labor & Employment Law. As employee rights advocates,
our New Jersey-based law firm is committed to providing clients with reliable
service every step of the way. We serve employees rights who are being treated
unjustly in the workplace, whether through discrimination, harassment,
retaliation, wage and overtime disputes, salary misclassification, wrongful
termination, unlawful conduct, and many more. Based in Florham Park, we are
familiar with the courts throughout all of New Jersey. If you are suffering
from unjust treatment by your employer, you can rest assured that our
employment law attorneys at Green Savits, LLC will provide sound legal advise
and representation, so you can successfully receive the compensation and
justice that you deserve whether through counseling, direct negotiations, or
litigation. We are geared towards helping you get your life back on track.  
  

### First, our attorneys are here for you.

  

We will listen intently to our clients' legal needs. We take a personalized
approach to every employment law case that we take in. We carefully assess
complex risks and provide the right strategy to help clients achieve their
goals.

  

While there are many laws in place that protect you from unfair workplace
practices, you may not be fully aware of them all. Our employment lawyers will
work with you to explain your rights as an employee and determine if those
rights were violated. We will guide you through potential legal options, and
if appropriate, litigate any employment claim you may have.

  
Our employment law attorneys will analyze each case diligently and inspire our
clients to consider their potential outcomes from the beginning, even before a
lawsuit is filed in court. Through vigorous employment law case assessment,
Green Savits, LLC will guide you in making fundamental decisions with your
best interests in mind.

### Second, we do in-depth review of each case.

  

At Green Savits, LLC employment law is all we do.  We will represent your best
interests in a wide range of legal disputes and claims, from negotiating
contracts to protecting you against workplace discrimination. We take pride in
our in-depth knowledge of New Jersey employment law and understand how simple
or complex a case can be.  
  
At Green Savits, LCC, we approach each employment law claim based on the
facts, existing laws, and the clients' end goals. We will always be honest in
our assessment and not just tell you what you want to hear. We firmly value
clear communication and take a highly individualized approach to each case
that we take.  
  
We will educate you on New Jersey employment law and how it applies to your
case, discussing all available options and guiding you through the process of
the selecting the option suited for your specific needs.

### Third, we research every aspect of law that is relevant for your case.

  

Green Savits, LLC represents employees in all industries and at all employment
levels. We have decades of employment law experience, resources, and skills to
help against any company, big or small.  
  
We use technologies that allow us quick and efficient document retrieval. Our
law firm will provide you with copies of all documents relating to your
deposition, mediation, arbitration, or trial, all of which result in time and
money savings.  
  
Our employment law attorneys are highly organized, detail oriented, and
assertive in their role as employee advocates. It is through all these
qualities and capabilities that we strive to provide our clients with top-
quality employment law services in New Jersey.  

#### Fourth, we will not stop working until we achieve some type of
resolution.

  

We serve you because we care. At Green Savits, LLC, our greatest inspiration
is to see our clients receive the benefits and justice they deserve, so they
can restore and move forward with optimism.  
  
Leveraging our superior ethical reputation and legal expertise in New Jersey,
we are well informed and more effective champions for all our clients. Whether
you are a senior executive, a mid-level supervisor, or perform blue-collar
work, our employment law attorneys will personally manage your case and make
sure you get the best possible result.  
  
We will go above and beyond to find the right legal solutions that will enable
you to fight for the fair and just compensation which you are entitled to.  

## Are You Stressed & Need Legal Help?  

Request a Consultation

#### 02 - Employment Law

## What is Employment Law?

  

Employment Law is a complex area of law, requiring the expertise of an
attorney who is highly trained in the field. It consists of thousands of
federal and state statutes, regulations, and judicial decisions. Additionally,
it regulates the relationship between employers and employees, including what
employers can ask employees, what employers can ask employees to do, and
employees' rights in the workplace. In the perspective of employees rights,
Employee Law serves to protect existing labor legislation and ensure employee
rights receive the benefits they deserve. Major areas of Employment Law
include employment discrimination, employment compensation, wage and hour law,
workplace harassment, retaliation, whistleblower, ERISA and many more.  

![](https://lirp.cdn-website.com/eb0fd255/dms3rep/multi/opt/employment-form-
SBI-300188694-1920w.jpg)

## We Are Here to Fight For Your Rights!  

Request a Consultation

#### 03 - Types of Employment Law

## Employment Law Cases

  

At Green Savits, LLC, we offer compassionate, fierce, and transparent
representation in all areas of Employment Law. We assist all types of
employees in their unique situations to help them succeed in resolving their
employment law matter. We would love to personally discuss your case and we
are available to help you at your earliest convenience. To learn more about
our areas of specialization in New Jersey, click the link below.  

Learn More

#### Discrimination

#### Whistleblower

#### Severance Pay

#### Wage & Hour Claims

#### Family & Medical Leave

#### Workplace Harassment

## Committed to Helping Our Clients Succeed.

ï»¿  

Request a Consultation

#### 04 - Employment Law Process

## What Should I Expect in My Employment Law Case?  

  

When conflicts arise, our skilled employment law attorneys at Green Savits,
LLC know how to analyze and negotiate efficient resolutions, and preserve
working relationships whenever possible. We take the time to know you, your
case, and your needs, and we work hard to find innovative solutions to your
issue. Our experienced employment law lawyers in New Jersey will always stand
ready to advance your interests in court, if doing so provides the best and
only way to resolve an employment dispute.  

### Consult with Employment Law Attorney

We offer strategic representation of employees in a wide range of employment
matters. Our employment law lawyers will see your case through from start to
finish. Click the link below and let our lawyers work with you to address your
legal concerns.  

Request a Consultation

### If We Take Your Case, The Process May Look Like This:

#### Gather Evidence

#### Send Demand Letter

#### File Employment Law Lawsuit

#### Discovery Process

#### Mediation Meetings

#### Settlement Process

#### Employment Law Trial

#### File Lawsuit Appeal

## Why Green Savits LLC?

  

The employment attorneys at Green Savits, LLC have over 100 years of
collective experience representing employees of all types, from Fortune 500
executives to professionals such as doctors, lawyers, and scientists to
business people such as sales representatives to government employees such as
police officers and teachers. While offering the personal service of a small
firm, Green Savits, LLC uses state-of-the-art technology and has successfully
challenged powerful opponents, such as AT&T, CNA Insurance, ExxonMobil, IBM,
Mercedes-Benz, Wyeth Pharmaceuticals, Pfizer, RCN, and other Fortune 500
companies

  

In addition to successfully trying cases of age discrimination, race
discrimination, sexual harassment, and whistleblower retaliation, our
attorneys have also successfully appeared in New Jersey Supreme Court
decisions involving issues such as pregnancy discrimination, religious
discrimination, whistleblower retaliation, sexual harassment, punitive
damages, calculating statutes of limitations and an employee's rights to
gather documents in support an employment discrimination claim.

  

In recognition of the varied financial circumstances of our clients, we tailor
our fees to each client's unique situation in an effort to make high-quality
employment law services affordable and available to everyone who has a
meritorious claim. Contact our experienced New Jersey employment lawyers at
Green Savits, LLC online or call 973-695-7777 today.  

Request a Consultation

## MEET OUR TEAM

* * *

Our team is trained both internationally and locally, so they understand your
needs and the environment in which you do business.  

![](https://lirp.cdn-website.com/eb0fd255/dms3rep/multi/opt/Glen-
Savits-1920w.jpg)

### Glen Savits

Partner

Learn More

![](https://lirp.cdn-website.com/eb0fd255/dms3rep/multi/opt/Jon-
Green-1920w.jpg)

### Jon Green

Partner

Learn More

![](https://lirp.cdn-website.com/eb0fd255/dms3rep/multi/opt/Laura-
LoGiudice-1920w.jpg)

### Laura LoGiudice

Attorney

Learn More

![](https://lirp.cdn-
website.com/eb0fd255/dms3rep/multi/opt/hJuly182023SaraKaplan51887_Edit_revisedcopy
--281-29--281-29-1920w.jpg)

### Sara Kaplan

Attorney

Learn More

## Awards, Accolades & Ratings.  

We have been recognized and awarded countless recognition over the years for
helping thousands of clients here in New Jersey.

Request a Consultation

"Jon Green is a superb attorney with high integrity and empathy. Jon kindly
responded to me and took my case when I was at a most difficult time. The
initial meeting really impressed me when Jon and Glen discussed with me as a
team and grasped the key of my case already with their superb professional
expertise, and I walked out of the door knowing that my case was in good hands
and feeling so much relieved..... I highly recommend Jon Green and Green
Savits Firm for any employment related matter."  

Nancy Z.

  

"Using superb litigation skills during our meditation and its aftermath,
Attorneys Glen Savits and Laura LoGiudice effectively resolved my five year
case vs my former Fortune 100 employer.Glen and Laura helped me heal from
serious financial, physical and emotional injury inflicted by my manager's
illegal and reprehensible discriminatory actions.

For over a decade, my professional performance consistently exceeded both
assigned annual goals and metrics delivered by peers. And for almost as long,
I tolerated a hostile and unlawful work environment.  
At long last, life can move on."

Clientï»¿

  * Button

  * Button

  * Button

  * Button

  * Button

## Verdicts & Settlements

More Verdicts & Settlements

#### $2,250,000  

##### Whistleblower Retaliation

#### $1,300,000  

##### Age and Gender Discrimination

#### $1,200,000  

##### Age Discrimination

#### $1,050,000  

##### Disability Discrimination

* * *

![](https://lirp.cdn-website.com/eb0fd255/dms3rep/multi/opt/logo-1920w.png)

25B Vreeland Road, Suite 207  
Florham Park, NJ 07932

  

Phone. 973.695.7777  
Fax. 973.695.7788

  

Follow Us On

* * *

![](https://lirp.cdn-
website.com/eb0fd255/dms3rep/multi/opt/Green+savits+logo-1920w.png)

(C) 2024

All Rights Reserved | Green Savits LLC

Click here to learn about the cities we serve in New Jersey.

###### Privacy & Terms

*No aspect of this advertisement has been approved by the Supreme Court of New Jersey. For Super Lawyers methodology, see www.superlawyers.com.

;(function(p,l,o,w,i,n,g){if(!p[i]){p.GlobalSnowplowNamespace=p.GlobalSnowplowNamespace||[];
p.GlobalSnowplowNamespace.push(i);p[i]=function(){(p[i].q=p[i].q||[]).push(arguments)
};p[i].q=p[i].q||[];n=l.createElement(o);g=l.getElementsByTagName(o)[0];n.async=1;
n.src=w;g.parentNode.insertBefore(n,g)}}(window,document,"script","//d32hwlnfiv2gyn.cloudfront.net/sp-2.0.0-dm-0.1.min.js","snowplow"));
window.dmsnowplow = window.snowplow; dmsnowplow('newTracker', 'cf',
'd32hwlnfiv2gyn.cloudfront.net', { // Initialise a tracker appId: 'eb0fd255'
}); dmsnowplow('trackPageView') $.each(_dm_insite, function(idx, rule) {
//('trackStructEvent', 'category','action','label','property','value'); //
Specifically in popup only the client knows if it is shown or not so we don't
always want to track its impression here // the tracking is in popup.js if
(rule.actionName !== "popup") { dmsnowplow('trackStructEvent', 'insite',
'impression', rule.ruleType, rule.ruleId); } $(document).ready(function(){
$.DM.events.trigger('event-ruleTriggered', {value: rule})} ); });

// Collects client data and updates cookies used by smart sites var expireDays
= 365,visitLength = 30 * 60000; $.setCookie("dm_timezone_offset", (new
Date()).getTimezoneOffset(), expireDays); function setSmartSiteCookies() {
setSmartSiteCookiesInternal("dm_this_page_view","dm_last_page_view","dm_total_visits","dm_last_visit");
} $.DM.events.on("afterAjax", setSmartSiteCookies); setSmartSiteCookies();
Parameters.NavigationAreaParams.MoreButtonText = 'MORE';
Parameters.NavigationAreaParams.LessButtonText = 'LESS';
Parameters.HomeLinkText = 'Home';  jQuery(window).on('load', function () { try
{ jQuery.DM.updateIOSHeight(); } catch (e) { } });  dmAPI.loadScript(
window.rtCommonProps['common.resources.cdn.host'] +
'/libs/lozad/1.15.0/lozad.min.js', function () { dmAPI.runOnReady('lozadInit',
function () { window.document.querySelectorAll('img.lazy').forEach(function
(img) { img.addEventListener('load', function (event) { var img =
event.target; img.style.filter = 'blur(0)'; setTimeout(function () {
$(img).closest('.imageWidget').addClass('lazyLoaded'); }, 250) }); });
lozad('.lazy', { threshold: 0.1, loaded: function (element) { if
(element.getAttribute('data-background-image')) { element.style.setProperty(
'background-image', "url('" + element.getAttribute('data-background-image') +
"')", "important" ); } } }).observe(); }); } );

