# MINISANDRAM LAW FIRM111 North Market Street,   Suite 300  San Jose, CA 95113  info@minisandram.com  * Home  * Services  * About Us  * Contact Us## About Raghunath MinisandramMr. Minisandram is a registered patent attorney who performs patent prosecution and provides strategic Intellectual Property counseling involving complex issues regarding patents (prosecution and licensing), patent infringement and validity, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks etc.### BackgroundMr. Minisandram has experience both as an In-house Counsel and as a Private Practitioner. Recently, Mr. Minisandram established and managed Silicon Valley branch for a Southern California IP botique law firm.Prior to entering private practice, Mr. Minisandram was a Sr. Director of Intellectual Property at Seagate Technology. During his tenure at Seagate, he garnered experience in counseling multiple business units in various phases including startup, growth and steady state phases.Prior to entering the field of law, Mr. Minisandram held various engineering and management positions at Digital Equipment Corporation.### EducationJuris Doctor, Massachusetts School of LawM.S. in Electrical Engineering and Business, Worcester Polytechnic Institute, MassachusettsBachelor of Engineering (Electronics), Bangalore University, India### Bar AdmissionsAdmitted to practice law in California and MassachusettsRegistered to practice before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office### Membership/Additional InformationMember of the Board, Intellectual Property Owners Association (2002-2006)Delegate, India Project of GW University (2004-2008, 2010) Copyright 2010-2023 MINISANDRAM LAW FIRM. All rights reserved.Web Hosting by Turbify111 North Market Street,   Suite 300  San Jose, CA 95113  info@minisandram.com