Toggle navigation  * Firm Overview  * Practice Areas  * Attorneys ****    * Mark Davis    * Philip Young    * Eric Bengtson    * Adam Davis    * Steve Dippell    * Morgan West Hansen    * Brad Bening    * Bruce MacLeod    * Susannah Ashton  * Advantage  * FAQ  * Contact  * # Davis, Bengtson & Young Practice AreasDavis, Bengtson & Young brings over 200 years of experience to a wide range of cases, from personal injury, to business and employment law. In addition to successfully handling litigation in all stages, our firm also provides extensive mediation services. To learn about our different areas of practice, please click on any of the following links. ### Public Entity DefenseOur attorneys have experience in defending government and public entities in a wide range of claims and lawsuits. Combining knowledge of the Government Tort Claims Act and other matters peculiar to public entity law with our litigation skills and experience, we are equipped to help a public entity defend and resolve claims. Throughout the claim, we also appreciate the entity's concern for the increased attention that often accompanies public cases.Our legal expertise includes claims alleging:  * Dangerous Conditions of Public Property  * General Liability  * Civil Rights Violations (Harassment, Discrimination, Retaliation)  * Student Injuries  * Negligent Supervision  * Alleged Sexual Misconduct   * Employment Disputes### Personal InjuryDavis, Bengtson & Young represents both plaintiffs and defendants in all types of personal injury matters. Our attorneys have a particular wealth of experience both in prosecuting and defending actions involving punitive and exemplary damages in the multi-million dollar range. However, we do not represent plaintiffs in claims against school districts. Our expertise includes claims arising from:   * Motor Vehicle Accidents  * Wrongful Deaths  * Professional Liability  * Premises Liability  * Product Liability Matters  * Catastrophic Injury### EmploymentDavis, Bengtson & Young represents individual s and a wide variety of organizations and businesses in labor and employment law and litigation matters. We provide our institutional clients with advice and training in employment-related areas. Our expertise includes:   * Discrimination Claims  * Wrongful Discharge  * Breach of Contract Suits  * Sexual Harassment Claims  * Training### Business LitigationDavis, Bengtson & Young is equipped to successfully address all business disputes that may arise during the start-up and operation of businesses, large or small. Our attorneys are experienced at all levels of trial in state and federal courts. We offer business consulting services and review policies, procedures and agreements in order to identify and correct potential disputes before they develop into litigation. When litigation becomes necessary after all reasonable methods of resolution have been exhausted, our lawyers are prepared to litigate confidently and zealously on your behalf. ### Construction LitigationDavis, Bengtson & Young is experienced in all phases of construction litigation on behalf of both public entity and private sector clients. ### Appellate WorkIn the courts of appeal, it is critical for parties to be represented by experienced lawyers who craft top-quality briefs and present persuasive oral arguments. Davis, Bengtson & Young attorneys bring decades of experience to each appeal, having represented clients in a broad range of matters in state appellate courts, federal circuit courts, and the California Supreme Court. ### Legal Malpractice DefenseDavis, Bengtson & Young is experienced in defending all types of professional liability claims against attorneys. We defend attorneys in a broad range of professional disputes in virtually any practice area. ### MediationNot all legal issues are best resolved through aggressive litigation. We have developed and implemented comprehensive strategies to help parties obtain amicable resolutions outside of court. Our attorneys have decades of experience in alternative dispute resolution, and have served as judicially-appointed arbitrators, independent mediators and settlement conference judges in a wide range of disputes throughout Northern California. Mark Davis and Phil Young are frequently retained as mediators or arbitrators by opposing litigants to enable them to resolve their disputes outside the courtroom.   * "Among the most professional, ethical and well-prepared attorneys that I have ever observed in the courtroom."A Santa Clara County Superior Court Judge  * Home  * Firm  * Practice Areas  * Attorneys  * Advantage  * FAQ  * Contact  * Disclaimer  * 1960 The Alameda  * Suite 210  * San Jose, CA, 95126  * (669) 245-4200(C) Davis, Bengtson & Young, APLC 