__

×

## Covid - 19

In response to recent COVID-19 concerns, we are writing to assure our clients
that we are taking recommended precautions.

Close

Would you like to switch to the accessible version of this site?

Go to accessible site Close modal window

Don't need the accessible version of this site?

Hide the accessibility button Close modal window

Accessibility View  Close toolbar

Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display

**P.O. Box 560608, | Miami, Florida 33256**

![Solove Law Firm,
P.A.](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/450x100_80/webmgr/17/d/i/5f90749a8b890_logoV1.png.webp)

#### Contact Your Florida Attorneys Today!

305-224-6617

  * Home 
  * About Us 
    * Robert A. Solove 
    * Tracye K. Solove 
  * Practice Areas 
    * Intellectual Property 
    * Business Litigation 
    * Commercial Real Estate Litigation 
    * Products Liability Defense 
    * Business Law 
      * Business Contract Dispute & Breach 
      * Partnership Disputes 
    * Commercial Collections 
    * Creditor Rights 
    * Commercial Litigation 
    * Commercial Landlord Representation 
    * Miami Real Estate Litigation 
      * Foreclosure Statute of Limitations 
      * Quiet Title Actions 
    * Mediation & Alternative Dispute Resolution 
    * Breach of Contract 
  * Reviews and Ratings 
  * FAQs 
  * Blog 
  * Contact Us 
  * Map & Directions 

__**Search**

Search __

__

![Solove Law Firm,
P.A.](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/350x78_80/webmgr/17/d/i/5f9074c93c505_sticky.png.webp)

#### Contact Your Florida Attorneys Today!

305-224-6617

Contact the Firm

  * Home
>

  * Practice Areas

Practice Areas

Solove Law Firm provides comprehensive representation for creditors, lenders,
business owners, landlords, contractors, corporate entities, and individuals
facing complex legal matters. Since 1985, we have been protecting the rights
and safeguarding the business interests of our clients throughout Florida, the
nation, and the globe.

  * We have been relied upon by financial institutions, government agencies, equipment lenders and Fortune 500 companies for over 30 years 
  * We understand the financial consequences of our volatile economic climate 
  * We can deliver the dynamic representation and individualized strategies your company requires to defend its current and future stability 
  * We offer creative, cost-effective, and customized solutions 

**Commercial Collections Lawyers**

No matter the nature or the size of your business or institution, payment
defaults are more than a nuisance, they can have a significant impact on your
overall profitability. Solove Law Firm can provide the assertive advocacy and
supportive guidance you need through every stage of a collection process.
Maximizing your recovery while safeguarding your interests is always our
primary concern.

**Our Miami commercial collection attorneys are experienced in numerous areas
of commercial collection law, including:**

  * Creditors' rights
  * Commercial collections
  * Commercial litigation
  * Commercial landlord representation
  * Real estate litigation
  * Mediation and alternative dispute resolution

**Handling Business and Commercial Law**

Mismanaged transactions, improperly structured business contracts, and lengthy
disputes can result in serious financial consequences. Whether you are a small
businesses, private investor, or Fortune 500 corporation, our firm can deliver
the astute legal counsel you need to protect the interests of your business
endeavors.

**Solove Law Firm can provide the vigorous advocacy you need for business and
commercial law issues such as:**

  * Business contracts 
  * Commercial litigation 
  * Corporate transactions 
  * Mediation and pre-suit dispute resolution services 
  * Insurance and surety claims 
  * Business disputes 

Our experienced Miami business lawyers recognize the unique nature of your
legal situation and tailor our representation to meet your needs and goals in
the most efficient way possible.  **We**   **offer reasonable fees and
creative payment structures**  to protect your budgetary concerns.

**Certified Mediation Services**

Tracye K. Solove has been a mediator certified by the Supreme Court of Florida
since 2004. Ms. Solove has participated in numerous mediations and dispute
resolution conferences utilizing conflict resolution techniques which allow
the parties to exercise self-determination in order to voluntarily resolve
disputes in an efficient and practical manner. Mediation is an effective tool
to resolving disputes pre-suit and is a pre-requisite to all civil trials in
the State of Florida. Ms. Solove is available to serve as a neutral in her
office and throughout the State of Florida.

**Real Estate Disputes**

Solove Law Firm provides real estate litigation representation for both
domestic and foreign clients. Whether you are an investor, lending
institution, commercial management firm, or homeowners association, we
recognize any type of payment, lien, eviction, or title dispute can seriously
disrupt the functionality of your business.

**Our firm offers comprehensive legal counsel to handle various areas of real
estate litigation, including:**

  * Residential and commercial foreclosures 
  * Commercial landlord-tenant disputes 
  * Quiet Title Actions 
  * Certificate of Title contests and evictions 

**Assertive Representation for Construction Litigation and Liens**

If you are a contractor, subcontractor, or property owner, any dispute can
cost your firm irreplaceable time, damage the viability of your project, and
overrun your budget. Solove Law Firm can provide the resolute representation
you need to protect your commercial or residential project.

**Our team can deliver the insightful legal counsel you need for a variety of
construction law concerns, including:**

  * Mechanics liens 
  * Florida Statutory compliance 
  * Breach of contract 

**Contact Solove Law Firm Today - {F:P:Site:Phone}!**

For our multinational clients,  **we provide bilingual staff members to assist
with your personalized legal counsel**. Solove Law Firm offers a proactive
approach designed to anticipate and mitigate the potential negative
consequences of your legal situation and achieve a favorable resolution as
efficiently as possible.

**We represent a wide range of businesses and creditors** , including Fortune
500 companies, throughout Florida, the United States, and internationally. We
can deliver the insightful and resolute counsel you need to protect your
rights and business interests during a mediation, arbitration, or litigation.

**We welcome the opportunity to detail further the services we provide and how
we may assist you.** **Contact us** **  to request a ** **case evaluation** **
with one of our experienced Miami commercial collection attorneys.**

### Quick Contact

#### Please fill out the form below and our attorney will contact you.

Name *

!

Email *

!

Phone *

!

Comments *

!

Thank you. Your submission has been sent.

## Map & Directions

\-- **mi**

### **Miami Office**

**Address**

P.O. Box 560608  
Miami, Florida 33256

Map & Directions

![Solove Law Firm,
P.A.](https://cdcssl.ibsrv.net/ibimg/smb/450x100_80/webmgr/17/d/i/5f9074fcb10db_logoV1.png.webp)

  *   *   *   *   * 

#### Contact Your Florida Attorneys Today!

305-224-6617

  * Home 
  * About Us 
  * Practice Areas 
  * Reviews and Ratings 
  * FAQs 
  * Blog 
  * Contact Us 
  * Map & Directions 

Solove Law Firm, P.A. is located in Miami, FL and serves clients in and around
Miami Beach and Miami-Dade County.

Attorney Advertising. This website is designed for general information only.
The information presented at this site should not be construed to be formal
legal advice nor the formation of a lawyer/client relationship. [ Site Map ]

See our profiles at Lawyers.com and Martindale.com

Martindale-Hubbell and martindale.com are registered trademarks; AV, BV, AV
Preeminent and BV Distinguished are registered certification marks;
Lawyers.com and the Martindale-Hubbell Peer Review Rated Icon are service
marks; and Martindale-Hubbell Peer Review Ratings are trademarks of MH Sub I,
LLC, used under license. Other products and services may be trademarks or
registered trademarks of their respective companies. Copyright © 2023 MH Sub
I, LLC. All rights reserved.

![](https://www.martindale-avvo.com/wp-
content/uploads/5bbaf20f8334a_MDHLogoFooterWhite.png)

__

