__

  *   * 

  * ____

__

__

  * About
    * About the Firm
    * Why You Need A Transactional Attorney
    * You might find interesting
  * People
  * Practice   
Areas

    * Contract Law
    * Professional Responsibility and Ethics
    * International Law
    * Technology and Internet Law
    * Data protection & Privacy
    * Corporate and M&A
    * Bankruptcy
    * Space Law
  * Services
    * Lawyers for Lawyers Services
    * International Services
    * International Agreements
    * Contract and Business Services
    * Bridging services in international litigation and transactions
    * ADR
  * Publications
  * Resources
  * Diversity &   
Inclusion

  * Contacts

Home __ About

# ABOUT THE FIRM

**PHILOSOPHY OF CGC**

Personal relationships with clients throughout the representation is a
priority for us. We stress communication and cooperation.

Some clients — once they commit the matter to a law firm — are not so
concerned about having a personal relationship with their attorneys. Indeed,
they might not even know who, inside the firm, will handle their matter. By
contrast, some clients seek a more personal relationship. They are persuaded,
as we are, that a close personal relationship allows the lawyer to acquire a
better knowledge of the client’s business and, therefore, to enhance the value
of the transaction.

CGC is dedicated to providing personalized service and to establishing durable
personal relationships with clients in order to understand their businesses
and objectives comprehensively. In short, we want not only to advise clients.
We want to be part of their team.



> ### **CGC is specifically focused on the assistance or representation of
> entities and law firm, non individuals**



**A BOUTIQUE FIRM FOCUSED ON SELECTED PRACTICE AREAS**

Crystal and Giannoni-Crystal, LLC (CGC), is committed to providing high-
quality legal services with passion, speed, and integrity in a few selected
areas: Lawyers for lawyers services, international services, contract and
business services.

This South Carolina, New York, and DC law firm’s value is, above all, in the
experience of its founders. **Nathan Crystal** has taught and consulted
primarily in the field of professional responsibility and contracts for almost
40 years. In her almost vicennial career spanning Italy and the US,
**Francesca Giannoni-Crystal** she has provided assistance to a wide range of
clients (industrial, commercial and technological companies, banks & financial
institutions, law firms) both domestically and internationally in contractual
issues, international agreements, technology and Internet contracts, and
corporate law.



We focus on the legal areas in which we have significant experience. Broadly
speaking, the firm practices in three areas:Lawyers for lawyers services,
international services, and contract and business services. In addition we
provide bridging ( _liaison)_ activities Common Law-Civil Law for both clients
and lawyers ("bridging" services).

There are several circumstances in which an experienced transactional attorney
can be of great assistance.

While CGC is primarily a transactional law firm, we offer some litigation
services. Nathan Crystal is available to handle appellate cases, can serve as
an expert witness (particularly in contract and professional ethics matters),
and can represent attorneys and judges before the South Carolina Commissions
on Lawyer and Judicial Conduct. We offer dispute resolutions also.



Francesca Giannoni-Crystal provides "bridging" services in transactions as
well as in litigation.

We can provide professional legal services in English, Italian, and Spanish,
and we can offer advice with regard to transactions and legal documents in
German, French, and Portuguese.

In addition to the professionals "in alliance" listed in this website, the
founders have strong links with international practices around the world, to
serve clients’ cross-border needs in business law.



**Crystal & Giannoni-Crystal, LLC is - Member of Charleston Metro Chamber of
Commerce**

  * Sitemap
  * Disclaimer
  * Privacy Policy
  * Attorney Advertising
  * Proprietary Rights

  

#### Crystal & Giannoni-Crystal, LLC is a "lawyers for lawyers and
international matters" boutique law firm. The firm has offices in all around
the world.

  
© 2018 Crystal & Giannoni-Crystal, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.
If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with itI
CONSENTPrivacy policy

