Home

Services

How We Work

Our Team

Contact Us

# ![Schlesinger Lazetera & Auchincloss LLP](//images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/5a625768268b96a91ed4a07e/1526664027438-NL133H5ARHTWXEM6KOOL/Schlesinger+Lazetera+%26+Auchincloss+LLP+Logo+Autocropped+White+Transparent.png?format=1500w)

Home

Services

How We Work

Our Team

Contact Us

With sophisticated trust and estate solutions – be it for complex estate
planning scenarios, difficult estate administrations or complex tax and estate
litigations – we lead families to practical resolutions.

 **While many firms focus exclusively on basic documents, we offer more than a
typical Trusts and Estates firm; we help to implement a family’s succession
plan, often representing second and third generations.**

Schedule an Appointment

## Clients approach our firm for a variety of reasons, motivated by needs as
unique as they are.  When it comes time to face the often difficult life
decision to create an estate plan, or when a family member has passed away and
assistance is needed with administering the estate, the attorneys of
Schlesinger Lazetera & Auchincloss LLP can help guide you through the process.
Compassionate and competent attention to your needs is our primary focus.

## No matter how difficult an issue may seem from a client's perspective, we
will not shy away from it; challenging and complex issues are our forté.

About

 **The Firm**

## Schlesinger Lazetera & Auchincloss LLP is recognized as a leading firm in
the area of Trusts and Estates law. We represent individuals, fiduciaries,
family-owned businesses and other business entities, executives of private and
public companies as well as not-for-profit organizations. The goal of our
Trusts and Estates practice is to ensure the most expert representation with
regard to each of our client's individual needs and objectives, while
remaining involved in the very human side of each client's legal issues,
guiding them through critical decisions and offering continuing counsel and
comfort in difficult times.

## The Firm, originally known as Schlesinger Gannon & Lazetera LLP, was
founded in 2004 by four attorneys who believed that a more meaningful and
responsive practice could be created away from the corporate structure of a
large law firm. The Firm now has ten attorneys.



How We Work

Schedule A Call



Back to Top



![](https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/5a625768268b96a91ed4a07e/1555959483587-UJSIQQ1BOOLVHHY8NITH/Schlesinger+Lazetera+%26+Auchincloss+LLP+Logo+Autocropped+White+Transparent.png)





Privacy Policy

Attorney advertising. Content is merely legal information and should not be
construed as legal advice.

ⓒ2023 Schlesinger Lazetera & Auchincloss LLP

Branding & website design by Cyentist

