Skip to content

![logo](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/logo.png)

Personal Injury, Wrongful Death and Medical Malpractice Attorneys

__

###  212.751.8000

  * Home
  * About DM
  * PRACTICE AREA
    * Best Medical Malpractice Lawyers NYC
      * Radiology Errors/Failures
      * Hospital Negligence
        * Emergency Room Errors
        * EMT/Paramedic Malpractice
        * Jacobi Medical Center
        * Forest Hills Hospital
        * Medical Malpractice at Harlem Hospital
      * Nursing Home Injuries and Abuse
        * Bedsores
        * Unexpected Falls
      * Anesthesia Injuries
        * Spinal Anesthesia Errors and Allergic Reactions to Local Anesthetic
      * Medication Errors
        * Wrong Medication Dosage
      * Birth Injuries
        * Cerebral Palsy
        * Shoulder Dystocia and Erb’s Palsy
        * Obstetric Negligence
        * Labor Delivery Negligence/Improper Use of Forceps
        * Failure to Perform C-Section
        * Failure to Recognize Fetal Distress
      * Failure to Diagnose
        * Delayed Diagnosis of Cancer
        * Delayed Diagnosis of Breast Cancer
        * Failure to Diagnose Ovarian Cancer
        * Failure to Diagnose Bowel Obstruction
        * Failure to Properly Read X-Rays or Mammograms
        * Appendicitis Misdiagnosis
        * Gynecological Errors
      * Surgical Mistakes
        * Wrong Site Surgery
        * Anesthesia Errors
        * Unnecessary Surgery
      * Surgical Errors
        * Organ Puncture or Perforation
        * Bowel Perforation
        * Spinal Cord Injuries in Surgery
    * Best Personal Injury Lawyers NYC
      * The McDonald’s Hot Cup of Coffee Case
    * Construction Accidents
      * New York Falls From Ladders
      * New York Falling Objects
      * New York Scaffold Accidents
      * Workplace Injuries
    * Product Liability
      * Toxic Torts
      * Mass Torts
    * Premises Liability
      * Injured on Public Property
      * NYC Subway Platform Injuries
      * Trip and Falls due to Broken Sidewalks
      * Inadequate Security
    * Car Accident Lawyers NYC
      * New York Public Transportation Accidents
      * Commercial Trucking Accidents
      * Car Accidents
      * Truck Accidents
      * Motorcycle Accidents
      * Pedestrian Accidents
      * Delivery Bike Accidents
      * Drunk Driving Accidents
      * Fire Truck/Police/Ambulance Accidents
      * Sanitation Worker Injuries
    * Aviation Accidents
    * Maritime and Admiralty Injuries
    * Trial Counsel
  * Attorneys
    * Jay W. Dankner
    * Edward P. Milstein
  * Results
  * Blog
  * Testimonials
  * Contact Us

____ Menu

  * Home
  * About DM
  * PRACTICE AREA
    * Best Medical Malpractice Lawyers NYC
      * Radiology Errors/Failures
      * Hospital Negligence
        * Emergency Room Errors
        * EMT/Paramedic Malpractice
        * Jacobi Medical Center
        * Forest Hills Hospital
        * Medical Malpractice at Harlem Hospital
      * Nursing Home Injuries and Abuse
        * Bedsores
        * Unexpected Falls
      * Anesthesia Injuries
        * Spinal Anesthesia Errors and Allergic Reactions to Local Anesthetic
      * Medication Errors
        * Wrong Medication Dosage
      * Birth Injuries
        * Cerebral Palsy
        * Shoulder Dystocia and Erb’s Palsy
        * Obstetric Negligence
        * Labor Delivery Negligence/Improper Use of Forceps
        * Failure to Perform C-Section
        * Failure to Recognize Fetal Distress
      * Failure to Diagnose
        * Delayed Diagnosis of Cancer
        * Delayed Diagnosis of Breast Cancer
        * Failure to Diagnose Ovarian Cancer
        * Failure to Diagnose Bowel Obstruction
        * Failure to Properly Read X-Rays or Mammograms
        * Appendicitis Misdiagnosis
        * Gynecological Errors
      * Surgical Mistakes
        * Wrong Site Surgery
        * Anesthesia Errors
        * Unnecessary Surgery
      * Surgical Errors
        * Organ Puncture or Perforation
        * Bowel Perforation
        * Spinal Cord Injuries in Surgery
    * Best Personal Injury Lawyers NYC
      * The McDonald’s Hot Cup of Coffee Case
    * Construction Accidents
      * New York Falls From Ladders
      * New York Falling Objects
      * New York Scaffold Accidents
      * Workplace Injuries
    * Product Liability
      * Toxic Torts
      * Mass Torts
    * Premises Liability
      * Injured on Public Property
      * NYC Subway Platform Injuries
      * Trip and Falls due to Broken Sidewalks
      * Inadequate Security
    * Car Accident Lawyers NYC
      * New York Public Transportation Accidents
      * Commercial Trucking Accidents
      * Car Accidents
      * Truck Accidents
      * Motorcycle Accidents
      * Pedestrian Accidents
      * Delivery Bike Accidents
      * Drunk Driving Accidents
      * Fire Truck/Police/Ambulance Accidents
      * Sanitation Worker Injuries
    * Aviation Accidents
    * Maritime and Admiralty Injuries
    * Trial Counsel
  * Attorneys
    * Jay W. Dankner
    * Edward P. Milstein
  * Results
  * Blog
  * Testimonials
  * Contact Us

## Client

## Testimonials

“Jay, I forgot to say thank you for representing me 33 years ago and for
helping me see my good fortune. I invested the money as you suggested. I
educated two of my children and can say I’ve had a good life. Thank you,”

– Carmine R.

“Wow… what a coup to have found an attorney who exemplifies the art and
science of the law. Jay Dankner exudes confidence, expertise and gravitas! My
family felt this man, who is a seasoned professional, provides laser focused
unconditional attention to detail. Mr. Dankner’s voice is full of self
awareness and determination. Mr. Dankner, you hear, digest and evaluate in a
remarkably astute manner and bring a special sense of trust and excellence to
the legal profession!”

– Randy G.

“Eddie, I just got the settlement in my case. Thanks so much. I really can’t
thank you enough. You helped us so much and thanks to you, our lives will be a
little easier. I will be forever grateful.”

– Dominique N.

“Dear Jay, I wanted to thank you and your law firm for representing me. Your
hard work resulted in the generous settlement I received. This would not have
been possible with another law firm.”

– Debi G.

“I sincerely thank you for all you have done – I know it was not easy – so
thank you kindly. Have a happy new year – God bless you always. Sincerely”

– Maureen S.

“Jay Dankner? Words just flood my brain. He is energetic, kind, courteous, and
has a sense of humor to that is welcomed to balance serious matters. I would
say he is a regular guy with a whole lot of smarts. He is an extraordinary
lawyer, and I am happy to have had an association with him. Mr. Dankner knows
the law, interprets it understandably to the layman, and respects both sides
of the issue at hand. I would not hesitate to sing his praises as a very
competent lawyer, and I have recommended him to others seeking information. ”

– Patricia W.

“Ed, you are the man, I will refer all my friends in need to you.”

– Ralph J.

“I was in New York on vacation, fell and fracture of my wrist. I needed
surgery including the placement of a metal fixation devises to hold the bones
of my wrist in place. I live in California. Despite the distant, Jay is always
emailing update reports and keeping me posted on what is happening. He is
excellent at explaining the legal system and making sure I understand what’s
going on. Whenever I call, he gets right back to me. The other thing I think
is really important is that he explains to me the defense’s arguments and our
responses. I consider myself very fortunate to have found Jay Dankner to
represent me.”

– Maureen S.

“Dear Jay, I wanted to thank you and your law firm for representing me. Your
hard work resulted in the generous settlement I received. This would not have
been possible with another law firm. I wish you continued success in your
future. All the Best”

– Debi G.

“Jay Dankner was an incredible lawyer for our family. Smart, pragmatic,
trustworthy, honest, strategic, kind and empathetic and delivered on promises.
I highly recommend Jay Dankner.”

– Jeff J.

“I had the opportunity to meet Jay Dankner when I was seeking an attorney to
represent my family after my sister’s untimely death. Jay immediately
impressed me with his knowledgeable, professional, and compassionate manner,
and I knew that my search was over. I’m happy to say that my instincts were
correct! During the course of our case, I have found Jay’s intellect and
integrity to be unparalleled. Jay communicated with us consistently and
effectively, always taking the time necessary to answer questions to our
satisfaction. He was as kind to our family as he was tough on the opposing
attorneys. I always had the utmost confidence in Jay’s abilities and couldn’t
have asked for a better attorney to represent my family.”

– Kim E.

“Jay Dankner became my attorney a year after being in the legal hands of
another firm, who had unfortunately mishandled my case. What a breath of fresh
air! This man is on top of everything. Absolutely everything. And while I’m
not easily impressed by “Best Lawyer” awards, I now understand why he has so
many. It’s also reassuring how he keeps me in the loop and makes me aware of
all the details and progress of my case. And he’s always been very reachable.
Knowing that I can call and email him at any time is quite comforting. This
has been one of the most difficult times in my life. I had a very severe
accident, multiple surgeries, and am dealing with all sorts of issues. There’s
just so many things I have to worry about…but thankfully my lawyer isn’t one
of them. I highly recommend Jay Dankner, and his team, for anyone looking for
a high quality firm, that has a very personal touch. Call him. You’ll see.
He’s a great lawyer. And just as important, a really good man.”

– Alan Z

“Ed, you made it possible for me and my family to have a fresh start in life.”

– Barbara R.

“Jay Dankner exemplifies what every client should have in an attorney. Jay is
consistently thorough, proactive, and responsive to all of our concerns and
questions. He was available 24/7 and handled our case with respect,
thoughtfulness, and the highest expertise that exceeded our expectations. ”

– Natalie O.

“It is my privilege to be offered a chance to praise the attributes of Jay W.
Dankner. His exceptional personal manner is at the top of my list. I am
impressed by the respect he shows to his clients, by the fact that he is a
devoted family person, and by his keen sense of humor. The staff of Dankner
and Milstein are concerned about the general welfare of those they serve, as
well as committed to winning the cases they set out to represent. On the legal
side, Jay is tenacious, well prepared, bold, and forward-moving. He has been
available every time a family member has approached him. One thing that
strikes me is his legal fairness. He knows and interprets the law for both
parties, explaining what can and cannot be done on the client’s behalf. We are
more than pleased to have had him deal with the hospitals named in our lawsuit
on behalf of our daughter Kendra’s untimely death. In my mind, he has always
been the “Best Lawyer.”

– Patricia W.

“I’ve had the opportunity to work with several attorneys and Jay has
definitely earned my respect. What I like most is that he is dedicated,
tenacious and truly has a vested interest in the welfare of his clients. Jay
takes pride in his work and therefore functions in an exceptional way. He’s
the only attorney I know who is both respected and feared by his opponents.
Words cannot express my gratitude toward Jay for all his hard work and
efforts.”

– Alex T.

__

__

__

Search

__ Search

## Categories

  * __ Car Accidents
  * __ Failure to Diagnose
  * __ Surgical Errors
  * __ Medical Malpractice
  * __ Motor Vehicle Accidents
  * __ Birth Injuries
  * __ Hospital Negligence
  * __ Nursing Home Negligence

## Recent Post

###  A QUICK REVIEW OF CHART BELOW PROVES AXIOM THAT ONE LOOK IS WORTH A
THOUSAND WORDS

Read More »

###  A NEW REPORT FROM STREETBLOG.ORG REVEAL SOME STATES COOK ACCIDENT
STATISTICS BOOKS

Read More »

###  WITH WINTER ON THE WAY THE NEW YORK STATE DEPARTMENT OF MOTOR VEHICLES
OFFERS SAFETY TIPS FOR DRIVERS

Read More »

###  IS HIZZONER’S VISION ZERO ACTION PLAN A BUST?

Read More »

###  TO DATE THE SUMMER OF 2019 SHOWS LITTLE IMPROVEMENT IN THE NUMBER OF AUTO
RELATED ACCIDENT INJURIES AND DEATHS IN NEW YORK AND NEW JERSEY

Read More »

## Case Results

## $10,000,000

Sexual assault of a child at a summer baseball camp

## $8,300,000

Delay in treatment of peripheral vascular disease in a 52 year old woman
resulting in loss of lower limb

## Testimonials

“Dear Jay, I wanted to thank you and your law firm for representing me. Your
hard work resulted in the generous settlement I received. This would not have
been possible with another law firm.”

– Debi G.

“I sincerely thank you for all you have done – I know it was not easy – so
thank you kindly. Have a happy new year – God bless you always. Sincerely”

– Maureen S.

“Jay Dankner was an incredible lawyer for our family. Smart, pragmatic,
trustworthy, honest, strategic, kind and empathetic and delivered on promises.
I highly recommend Jay Dankner.”

– Jeff J.

“I just got the settlement in my case. Thanks so much. I really can’t thank
you enough. You helped us so much and thanks to you, our lives will be a
little easier. I will be forever grateful.”

– Dominique N.

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/award-logo.png)

  * Home
  * About DM
  * PRACTICE AREA
    * Best Medical Malpractice Lawyers NYC
      * Radiology Errors/Failures
      * Hospital Negligence
        * Emergency Room Errors
        * EMT/Paramedic Malpractice
        * Jacobi Medical Center
        * Forest Hills Hospital
        * Medical Malpractice at Harlem Hospital
      * Nursing Home Injuries and Abuse
        * Bedsores
        * Unexpected Falls
      * Anesthesia Injuries
        * Spinal Anesthesia Errors and Allergic Reactions to Local Anesthetic
      * Medication Errors
        * Wrong Medication Dosage
      * Birth Injuries
        * Cerebral Palsy
        * Shoulder Dystocia and Erb’s Palsy
        * Obstetric Negligence
        * Labor Delivery Negligence/Improper Use of Forceps
        * Failure to Perform C-Section
        * Failure to Recognize Fetal Distress
      * Failure to Diagnose
        * Delayed Diagnosis of Cancer
        * Delayed Diagnosis of Breast Cancer
        * Failure to Diagnose Ovarian Cancer
        * Failure to Diagnose Bowel Obstruction
        * Failure to Properly Read X-Rays or Mammograms
        * Appendicitis Misdiagnosis
        * Gynecological Errors
      * Surgical Mistakes
        * Wrong Site Surgery
        * Anesthesia Errors
        * Unnecessary Surgery
      * Surgical Errors
        * Organ Puncture or Perforation
        * Bowel Perforation
        * Spinal Cord Injuries in Surgery
    * Best Personal Injury Lawyers NYC
      * The McDonald’s Hot Cup of Coffee Case
    * Construction Accidents
      * New York Falls From Ladders
      * New York Falling Objects
      * New York Scaffold Accidents
      * Workplace Injuries
    * Product Liability
      * Toxic Torts
      * Mass Torts
    * Premises Liability
      * Injured on Public Property
      * NYC Subway Platform Injuries
      * Trip and Falls due to Broken Sidewalks
      * Inadequate Security
    * Car Accident Lawyers NYC
      * New York Public Transportation Accidents
      * Commercial Trucking Accidents
      * Car Accidents
      * Truck Accidents
      * Motorcycle Accidents
      * Pedestrian Accidents
      * Delivery Bike Accidents
      * Drunk Driving Accidents
      * Fire Truck/Police/Ambulance Accidents
      * Sanitation Worker Injuries
    * Aviation Accidents
    * Maritime and Admiralty Injuries
    * Trial Counsel
  * Attorneys
    * Jay W. Dankner
    * Edward P. Milstein
  * Results
  * Blog
  * Testimonials
  * Contact Us

  * Home
  * About DM
  * PRACTICE AREA
    * Best Medical Malpractice Lawyers NYC
      * Radiology Errors/Failures
      * Hospital Negligence
        * Emergency Room Errors
        * EMT/Paramedic Malpractice
        * Jacobi Medical Center
        * Forest Hills Hospital
        * Medical Malpractice at Harlem Hospital
      * Nursing Home Injuries and Abuse
        * Bedsores
        * Unexpected Falls
      * Anesthesia Injuries
        * Spinal Anesthesia Errors and Allergic Reactions to Local Anesthetic
      * Medication Errors
        * Wrong Medication Dosage
      * Birth Injuries
        * Cerebral Palsy
        * Shoulder Dystocia and Erb’s Palsy
        * Obstetric Negligence
        * Labor Delivery Negligence/Improper Use of Forceps
        * Failure to Perform C-Section
        * Failure to Recognize Fetal Distress
      * Failure to Diagnose
        * Delayed Diagnosis of Cancer
        * Delayed Diagnosis of Breast Cancer
        * Failure to Diagnose Ovarian Cancer
        * Failure to Diagnose Bowel Obstruction
        * Failure to Properly Read X-Rays or Mammograms
        * Appendicitis Misdiagnosis
        * Gynecological Errors
      * Surgical Mistakes
        * Wrong Site Surgery
        * Anesthesia Errors
        * Unnecessary Surgery
      * Surgical Errors
        * Organ Puncture or Perforation
        * Bowel Perforation
        * Spinal Cord Injuries in Surgery
    * Best Personal Injury Lawyers NYC
      * The McDonald’s Hot Cup of Coffee Case
    * Construction Accidents
      * New York Falls From Ladders
      * New York Falling Objects
      * New York Scaffold Accidents
      * Workplace Injuries
    * Product Liability
      * Toxic Torts
      * Mass Torts
    * Premises Liability
      * Injured on Public Property
      * NYC Subway Platform Injuries
      * Trip and Falls due to Broken Sidewalks
      * Inadequate Security
    * Car Accident Lawyers NYC
      * New York Public Transportation Accidents
      * Commercial Trucking Accidents
      * Car Accidents
      * Truck Accidents
      * Motorcycle Accidents
      * Pedestrian Accidents
      * Delivery Bike Accidents
      * Drunk Driving Accidents
      * Fire Truck/Police/Ambulance Accidents
      * Sanitation Worker Injuries
    * Aviation Accidents
    * Maritime and Admiralty Injuries
    * Trial Counsel
  * Attorneys
    * Jay W. Dankner
    * Edward P. Milstein
  * Results
  * Blog
  * Testimonials
  * Contact Us

## Social Porfiles

Facebook-f __ Twitter __ Linkedin __ Google-plus-g __

## NEW YORK

61 Broadway - Suite 2824  
New York, NY 10006  
Call Now!: 212.751.8000  
Fax: 212-751-8091  
New York Law Office

Dankner & Milstein P.C. is Of Counsel at Gersowitz Libo & Korek P.C. , Our
Malpractice and injury lawyers have offices in New York City, New Jersey and
Long Island. We represent clients throughout the region in places such as
Manhattan, Brooklyn, the Bronx, Queens, Staten Island, Long Island, Garden
City, Englewood, Nassau County, Suffolk County, Westchester County, Kings
County, Bronx County, Richmond County and Queens County.

© 2023 by Dankner Milstein, P.C. All rights reserved. Disclaimer | Site Map |
Privacy Policy

Scroll to Top

