Skip to Content

![Arseneault & Fassett, LLC](/images/logos/Logo.2208170854568.png)
![Arseneault & Fassett, LLC](/images/logos/Logo2.2208041031206.png)

  * Firm Accomplishments
  * Reviews
  * Blog

Call Us Today! 973-310-6664

  * Home
  * About Us

    * Jack Arseneault
    * David Fassett
    * Richard H. Champion
    * Greg Jones
    * Staff

  * Criminal Defense

    * White-Collar Crimes
      * Insurance Fraud
      * Securities Fraud
      * Embezzlement
      * Money Laundering
      * Tax Evasion
      * Forgery
    * Appellate
    * Corporate Internal Investigations
    * Price Gouging
    * Homicide
    * Kidnapping
    * Manslaughter

  * White-Collar Crimes

    * Insurance Fraud
    * Securities Fraud
    * Embezzlement
    * Money Laundering
    * Tax Evasion
    * Forgery

  * Civil Litigation

    * Complex Civil Litigation
    * Debtor/Creditor Rights
    * Agriculture Law
    * Consumer Protection Law

  * Regulatory Practice

    * Environmental Crimes

  * _Close_

  * _Search_

  * Home
  * White-Collar Crimes
    * Main Menu
    * Insurance Fraud
    * Securities Fraud
    * Embezzlement
    * Money Laundering
    * Tax Evasion
    * Forgery
  * About Us
    * Main Menu
    * Jack Arseneault
    * David Fassett
    * Richard H. Champion
    * Greg Jones
    * Staff
  * Criminal Defense
    * Main Menu
    * White-Collar Crimes
      * Insurance Fraud
      * Securities Fraud
      * Embezzlement
      * Money Laundering
      * Tax Evasion
      * Forgery
    * Appellate
    * Corporate Internal Investigations
    * Price Gouging
    * Homicide
    * Kidnapping
    * Manslaughter
  * Civil Litigation
    * Main Menu
    * Complex Civil Litigation
    * Debtor/Creditor Rights
    * Agriculture Law
    * Consumer Protection Law
  * Regulatory Practice
    * Main Menu
    * Environmental Crimes
  * Firm Accomplishments
  * Reviews
  * Blog
    * Main Menu
    * 2023
      * September
      * May
    * 2021
      * September
      * July
      * June
      * May
      * April
      * March
      * February
      * January
    * 2020
      * September
      * August
      * July
      * June
      * May
      * April
      * March
      * February
    * 2019
      * April
      * March
      * January
    * 2018
      * July
    * 2017
      * September
    * 2016
      * December
      * September
      * August
    * 2015
      * March

  * Contact Us 
  * Call Us Today! 

**Follow Us**

  *   *   * 

Contact Us

Top

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAAAAACH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAICRAEAOw==)

**About Us**

# About Us

# Quality Representation & Affordable Rates

We provide clients cost-effective access to the same quality representation
provided by major law firms at far greater cost. We are technologically savvy,
know the law, and have a passion for defending our clients’ rights. Those who
come to us for assistance can be confident in our abilities, experience, and
record of positive results.

In addition to representing our clients at trial or on appeal, we have done
some of our best work by building a strong position before a criminal or civil
case erupts. We understand that even the threat of being charged with a crime
or sued can permanently damage an individual, a business, or an organization.
We work hard to protect you from the harm of being publicly implicated in
wrongdoing.

Continue Reading Read Less

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAAAAACH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAICRAEAOw==)

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAAAAACH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAICRAEAOw==)

### Our Approach

Regardless of a firm’s size, success in litigation ultimately depends on one
or two dedicated, savvy lawyers mastering the facts of a client’s situation
and the governing law. We know our way around the federal and state courts,
command respect from judges and prosecutors, and have a reputation among our
peers for doing quality pretrial, trial and post-trial work in vigorously
protecting our clients’ interests.

We work efficiently, intelligently, and strategically to achieve our clients’
objectives. We remain accessible and attentive to all of our clients, and we
practice law with integrity, intensity, imagination, enthusiasm, energy, and a
commitment to hard work.

 _ **To learn more about us, read some of our**_ _ **client testimonials**_ _
**. You can also**_ _ **contact us**_ _ **to schedule a consultation.**_

### Our Experience

Our attorneys have served as lead or co-counsel in thousands of criminal and
civil cases in both federal and state courts.

In criminal matters, our reputation as top-rated trial attorneys, who hold the
government to its burden of proving charges beyond a reasonable doubt, enables
us to persuade investigating authorities not to prosecute. For clients who
have been formally charged, we have successfully litigated cases prior to
trial resulting in either dismissal by motion or non-custodial diversionary
programs. The firm enlists top-notch investigators and experts, as
appropriate, to provide clients a forceful defense against the enormous
resources of prosecuting agencies.

In civil cases, while many matters are resolved by settlement, our trial-
oriented approach provides our clients with an efficient and results-oriented
pre-trial litigation strategy concentrated on what it would take to win at
trial. A favorable pre-trial settlement often results from our preparation to
try every case if necessary. As in criminal matters, our civil clients benefit
from our trial-ready reputation.

Continue Reading Read Less

  * **Proven Excellence**

Our powerhouse team consistently delivers top-tier defense and exceptional
results for our valued clients.

  * **A Century of Experience**

Benefit from the collective wisdom of a team with over a hundred years of
combined experience.

  * **Innovative Approach**

We provide innovative, personalized solutions to best fit your needs.

  * **Proactive Representation**

We are dedicated to protecting your rights and fighting for your freedom.

### Member Awards

  * Awarded AV® Preeminent™ Peer Review Ratings™ by Martindale-Hubbell®
  * Ranked Tier 1 in both White-Collar Criminal Defense and Non-White-Collar Criminal Defense by U.S. News and World Report Best Law Firms
  * Chosen for New Jersey’s Top 100 Lawyers Listed in the National Directory of Criminal Defense Lawyers
  * Selected to be New Jersey Super Lawyers
  * Included in Best Lawyers in America for Criminal Defense and Appellate practices
  * Included in Top Lawyers in New Jersey for Criminal Defense and Appellate practices
  * Named among the top criminal defense and appellate attorneys in New Jersey by Best Lawyers in America

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAAAAACH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAICRAEAOw==)

####  Meet Our Team

With over a hundred years of combined experience, our powerhouse team provides
a strong defense and produces high-quality results for our clients.

  * ![Jack  Arseneault Photo](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAAAAACH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAICRAEAOw==)

**Jack Arseneault** _Attorney_

  * ![David  Fassett Photo](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAAAAACH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAICRAEAOw==)

**David Fassett** _Attorney_

  * ![John J. Roberts Photo](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAAAAACH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAICRAEAOw==)

**John J. Roberts** _Attorney_

  * ![Greg  Jones Photo](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAAAAACH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAICRAEAOw==)

**Greg Jones** _Attorney_

  * ![Richard H. Champion Photo](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAAAAACH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAICRAEAOw==)

**Richard H. Champion** _Attorney_

  * ![Staff   Photo](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAAAAACH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAICRAEAOw==)

**Staff**

####  Build A Strong Defense Today

#####  Request Your Evaluation with Our Powerhouse Team

  * First Name

Please enter your first name.

  * Last Name

Please enter your last name.

  * Phone

Please enter your phone number.

This isn't a valid phone number.

  * Email

Please enter your email address.

This isn't a valid email address.

  * Are you a new client? Yes, I am a potential new client No, I'm a current existing client I'm neither.

Please make a selection.

  * How can we help you?

Please enter a message.

  * By submitting, you agree to be contacted about your request & other information using automated technology. Message frequency varies. Msg & data rates may apply. Text STOP to cancel. _Acceptable Use Policy_

Send Message

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAAAAACH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAICRAEAOw==)

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAAAAACH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAICRAEAOw==)

![Arseneault & Fassett, LLC](/images/logos/Logo.2208170854568.png)
![Arseneault & Fassett, LLC](/images/logos/Logo2.2208041031206.png)

973-310-6664

**Visit Us**

560 Main Street  
Chatham, NJ 07928  Map & Directions

**Quick Links**

  * Home
  * About Us
  * Reviews
  * Blog
  * Contact Us

**Social**

  *   *   * 

The information on this website is for general information purposes only.
Nothing on this site should be taken as legal advice for any individual case
or situation.  
This information is not intended to create, and receipt or viewing does not
constitute, an attorney-client relationship.

(C) 2024 All Rights Reserved.

  * _Site Map_
  * _Privacy Policy_
  * _Site Search_

![Internet Marketing
Experts](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAAAAACH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAICRAEAOw==)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=259523583060421&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

