Law Office of Lauren Vzquez, The Fired Up Lawyer, Est 2011.  * Services    * Legal Services    * Cannabis Inspection Protection  * State Licenses    * License Types    * Who Does What    * Keep Your License  * Our Team  * Connect  * Law Office of Lauren Vzquez,  The Fired Up Lawyer, Est 2011.##### Attorney Lauren Vzquez is  an industry pioneer who has advised cannabis  businesses since the start of the industry in 2009.  We are here to help you achieve your cannabis dreams.## **Request Legal Services**Get expert advice and assistance for your businessSIGN UPSERVICES & FEESNew Cannabis Inspection Protection Services!#### Integrity"My goal is to provide quality legal services at an affordable price so everyday people can achieve their cannabis dreams. I am the anti-lawyer lawyer. Too many common practices of lawyers just don't seem fair. I don't want to be like that. In my office, we like to be upfront about what our clients are getting and never try to sell you something you don't need. In that vein, we offer a unique retainer service that doesn't leave you wondering, "WTF did I just pay for?" We also want our clients to understand exactly what they are getting in to. We will tell you the good, the bad, and the ugly. Some lawyers tell you what you want to hear, we tell you what you need to know so you can make the best decisions for you, your family, and your business."#### ExperienceLauren Vzquez is the Fired Up Lawyer. She is a cannabis business attorney and social entrepreneur who has worked for over a decade to end cannabis prohibition and advance alternatives to the failed war on drugs. An industry leader, Lauren served as a Senior Advisor and Statewide Organizer for the Prop 64 campaign. Lauren has practiced cannabis business law since 2009 and entered private practice in 2011. She has advised numerous cannabis companies and organizations. Lauren has worked with cities and counties for years to develop local licensing for cannabis businesses. Lauren is a Professor at Oaksterdam University and previously served as the National Deputy Director of Communications for the Marijuana Policy Project. Lauren Vzquez is an industry expert and pioneer.### We Do Things Differently##### We're a Small Business TooWe know what it's like to get started with almost nothing and have to rely on hard work, friends, and family to make your dreams come true. Spending money on things like fancy law books (umm, internet) and mahogany furniture is not our style. We keep our overhead low so we can pass that savings on to you. We accept credit cards and offer flexible billing options including payment plans and bundle discounts.##### We Keep It SimpleOur home base is in Oakland at The Port Workspace, one of those hipster co-working offices filled with entrepreneurial do-gooders (yes, there is a slide). The Port is located in Jack London Square with easy parking and Bart access. If more convenient, we can come to you at your local place of business.### ##### We Don't Nickel and DimeOur fees are fair and straightforward. Unlike most law firms, we do not round up our hourly billing to 10 minute increments. Sometimes it takes more than one attorney to complete your legal services. If that's the case, we never double bill when two or more attorneys work on your services at the same time. We also provide discounts when appropriate.### Everything We Do is Awesome!##### Check Out Lauren in the News### Confused about who does  what in California?##### View our quick guide with direct links to state agencies  As of July 1, 2021, the state licensing agencies have consolidated into the new Department of Cannabis Control. As the transition slowly progresses, continue to check all agency websites for updates.###### ### Cannabis News & Views###### ## Epic Cannabis Guide from Oaksterdam University __May 24, 2023 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Top PostAuthor: Lauren Vazquez I'm excited to share a new resource that I've had the pleasure of contributing to, the "Budtender's Guide: A Reference Manual for Cannabis Consumers and Dispensary Professionals, by Oaksterdam University. It is a thorough informative book for those wishing to go beyond the basics. Available on Amazon, the Guide is a great## Cannabis: From One Pandemic to Another __November 29, 2020 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Top PostAuthor: Mitchell Colbert This article is published in memory of Eddie Rodriguez who suffered because he was denied safe access to cannabis Cannabis Legalization Pioneer Dennis Peron In honor of World AIDS Day on December 1st, we must remember the cannabis activists that risked everything to get us where we are today. Over the last## 7/10 and Social Distancing: We Got This! __June 22, 2020 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Top PostCovid-19 cancelled 4/20 but cannabis consumers have a second chance to celebrate legalization on 7/10, with social distancing of course. Fortunately cannabis consumers are experts at social distancing. Don't forget legal Adult-Use is less than a decade old. Many states still enforce prohibition with harsh penalties. While it is safe to publicly celebrate cannabis in## Get Up Stand Up for Black Lives Matter __June 5, 2020 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Fired Up! **,**Top PostActual smoke/tear gas grenade launched by Oakland Police at peaceful protestors including Lauren Vazquez, the Fired Up Lawyer It's time to march in the streets to protect Black Lives and save America from racism. There will never be a more appropriate time than right here right now. This may be our last chance before the great## Use This Soap to Help Legalize! __April 22, 2020 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Top PostAuthor: Mitchell Colbert Hand washing is critical in the fight against Covid-19 and other viruses. If you aren't familiar with the brand, you probably know Dr. Bronner's as that soap company with writing ALL over the bottle. What you may not know about Dr. Bronner's is they have been using hemp in their soap since## Top 5 Mistakes in Cannabis Licensing __June 11, 2019 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __MAUCRSA **,**Top PostThese are some of the most common mistakes we encounter: 1. Not putting agreements with partners, investors, landlords, or others in writing 2. Hiring overpriced unqualified cannabis consultants instead of lawyers 3. Relying on investors who promise to pay but don't 4. Neglecting a corporation or LLC that gets suspended by the state 5. Trusting## How to Legally Sell CBD In All 50 States __May 24, 2019 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Top PostThe 2018 Federal Farm Bill allows CBD to be sold in all 50 states. Here's how you can do it: 1) Source your CBD from Hemp 2) Import your Hemp or Hemp CBD or source it from a producer with a state license that has been federally certified (TBD). 3) Sell your Hemp CBD products in all## The Farm Bill Legalizes Hemp and Hemp CBD __April 17, 2019 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Fired Up! **,**Top PostThe US has finally joined the rest of the world in legalizing the commercial cultivation of industrial hemp. In the past, US companies could only import hemp to produce their products. Several years ago in a prior version of the Farm Bill, Congress authorized hemp cultivation for research purposes. Now, under the 2018 Farm Bill## Beware of the Cannabis Consultant __March 23, 2019 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Fired Up! **,**Top PostLately a few too many people have come to the Law Office after hiring a consultant to assist them. Unfortunately it is far too common that the consultants didn't complete the service they were paid to do, completed it incorrectly, or gave unqualified business and legal advice. One consultant even misinformed a client about a## Can I Fly With Pot? __November 29, 2018 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Fired Up! **,**MAUCRSA **,**Top PostIt's the holidays and many are dreading awkward family visits. At this time of year, people often ask, "Can I fly with pot?" The answer is, it depends All of the following information is based on outside sources and third party reports. It is offered at your own risk and does not constitute legal, practical,##### Attorney Lauren Vzquez is  an industry pioneer who has advised cannabis  businesses since the start of the industry in 2009.  We are here to help you achieve your cannabis dreams.## **Request Legal Services**Get expert advice and assistance for your businessSign UpServices & FeesNew Cannabis Inspection Protection Services!#### Integrity"My goal is to provide quality legal services at an affordable price so everyday people can achieve their cannabis dreams. I am the anti-lawyer lawyer. Too many common practices of lawyers just don't seem fair. I don't want to be like that. In my office, we like to be upfront about what our clients are getting and never try to sell you something you don't need. In that vein, we offer a unique retainer service that doesn't leave you wondering, "WTF did I just pay for?" We also want our clients to understand exactly what they are getting in to. We will tell you the good, the bad, and the ugly. Some lawyers tell you what you want to hear, we tell you what you need to know so you can make the best decisions for you, your family, and your business."#### ExperienceLauren Vzquez is the Fired Up Lawyer. She is a cannabis business attorney and social entrepreneur who has worked for over a decade to end cannabis prohibition and advance alternatives to the failed war on drugs. An industry leader, Lauren served as a Senior Advisor and Statewide Organizer for the Prop 64 campaign. Lauren has practiced cannabis business law since 2009 and entered private practice in 2011. She has advised numerous cannabis companies and organizations. Lauren has worked with cities and counties for years to develop local licensing for cannabis businesses. Lauren is a Professor at Oaksterdam University and previously served as the National Deputy Director of Communications for the Marijuana Policy Project. Lauren Vzquez is an industry expert and pioneer.### We Do Things Differently##### We're a Small Business TooWe know what it's like to get started with almost nothing and have to rely on hard work, friends, and family to make your dreams come true. Spending money on things like fancy law books (umm, internet) and mahogany furniture is not our style. We keep our overhead low so we can pass that savings on to you. We accept credit cards and offer flexible billing options including payment plans and bundle discounts.##### We Keep It SimpleOur home base is in Oakland at The Port Workspace, one of those hipster co-working offices filled with entrepreneurial do-gooders (yes, there is a slide). The Port is located in Jack London Square with easy parking and Bart access. If more convenient, we can come to you at your local place of business.### ##### We Don't Nickel and DimeOur fees are fair and straightforward. Unlike most law firms, we do not round up our hourly billing to 10 minute increments. You only pay for the actual time we work on your services. Sometimes it takes more than one attorney to complete your legal services. If that's the case, we never double bill when two or more attorneys work on your services at the same time. We also provide discounts when appropriate.### Everything We Do is Awesome###### Check Out Lauren in the News!##### ##### Confused about who does what in California?  Check out our quick guide  with direct links to the state websites  As of July 1, 2021, the state licensing agencies have consolidated into the new Department of Cannabis Control. As the transition slowly progresses, continue to check all agency websites for updates.###### ##### Cannabis News & Views###### ## Epic Cannabis Guide from Oaksterdam University __May 24, 2023 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Top PostAuthor: Lauren Vazquez I'm excited to share a new resource that I've had the pleasure of contributing to, the "Budtender's Guide: A Reference Manual for Cannabis Consumers and Dispensary Professionals, by Oaksterdam University. It is a thorough informative book for those wishing to go beyond the basics. Available on Amazon, the Guide is a great## Cannabis: From One Pandemic to Another __November 29, 2020 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Top PostAuthor: Mitchell Colbert This article is published in memory of Eddie Rodriguez who suffered because he was denied safe access to cannabis Cannabis Legalization Pioneer Dennis Peron In honor of World AIDS Day on December 1st, we must remember the cannabis activists that risked everything to get us where we are today. Over the last## 7/10 and Social Distancing: We Got This! __June 22, 2020 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Top PostCovid-19 cancelled 4/20 but cannabis consumers have a second chance to celebrate legalization on 7/10, with social distancing of course. Fortunately cannabis consumers are experts at social distancing. Don't forget legal Adult-Use is less than a decade old. Many states still enforce prohibition with harsh penalties. While it is safe to publicly celebrate cannabis in## Get Up Stand Up for Black Lives Matter __June 5, 2020 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Fired Up! **,**Top PostActual smoke/tear gas grenade launched by Oakland Police at peaceful protestors including Lauren Vazquez, the Fired Up Lawyer It's time to march in the streets to protect Black Lives and save America from racism. There will never be a more appropriate time than right here right now. This may be our last chance before the great## Use This Soap to Help Legalize! __April 22, 2020 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Top PostAuthor: Mitchell Colbert Hand washing is critical in the fight against Covid-19 and other viruses. If you aren't familiar with the brand, you probably know Dr. Bronner's as that soap company with writing ALL over the bottle. What you may not know about Dr. Bronner's is they have been using hemp in their soap since## Top 5 Mistakes in Cannabis Licensing __June 11, 2019 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __MAUCRSA **,**Top PostThese are some of the most common mistakes we encounter: 1. Not putting agreements with partners, investors, landlords, or others in writing 2. Hiring overpriced unqualified cannabis consultants instead of lawyers 3. Relying on investors who promise to pay but don't 4. Neglecting a corporation or LLC that gets suspended by the state 5. Trusting## How to Legally Sell CBD In All 50 States __May 24, 2019 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Top PostThe 2018 Federal Farm Bill allows CBD to be sold in all 50 states. Here's how you can do it: 1) Source your CBD from Hemp 2) Import your Hemp or Hemp CBD or source it from a producer with a state license that has been federally certified (TBD). 3) Sell your Hemp CBD products in all## The Farm Bill Legalizes Hemp and Hemp CBD __April 17, 2019 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Fired Up! **,**Top PostThe US has finally joined the rest of the world in legalizing the commercial cultivation of industrial hemp. In the past, US companies could only import hemp to produce their products. Several years ago in a prior version of the Farm Bill, Congress authorized hemp cultivation for research purposes. Now, under the 2018 Farm Bill## Beware of the Cannabis Consultant __March 23, 2019 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Fired Up! **,**Top PostLately a few too many people have come to the Law Office after hiring a consultant to assist them. Unfortunately it is far too common that the consultants didn't complete the service they were paid to do, completed it incorrectly, or gave unqualified business and legal advice. One consultant even misinformed a client about a## Can I Fly With Pot? __November 29, 2018 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Fired Up! **,**MAUCRSA **,**Top PostIt's the holidays and many are dreading awkward family visits. At this time of year, people often ask, "Can I fly with pot?" The answer is, it depends All of the following information is based on outside sources and third party reports. It is offered at your own risk and does not constitute legal, practical,##### Attorney Lauren Vzquez is an industry pioneer who has advised cannabis businesses since the start of the industry in 2009. We are here to help you achieve your cannabis dreams.## **Request Legal Services**Sign UpServices & FeesNew Cannabis Inspection Protection Services!#### Integrity & Experience"My goal is to provide quality legal services at an affordable price so everyday people can achieve their cannabis dreams."Lauren Vzquez is the Fired Up Lawyer.  She is a cannabis business attorney and social entrepreneur who has worked for over a decade to end cannabis prohibition and advance alternatives to the failed war on drugs. An industry leader, Lauren served as a Senior Advisor and Statewide Organizer for the Prop 64 campaign. Lauren has practiced cannabis business law since 2009 and entered private practice in 2011. She has advised numerous cannabis companies and organizations. Lauren has worked with cities and counties for years to develop local licensing for cannabis businesses. Lauren is a Professor at Oaksterdam University and previously served as the National Deputy Director of Communications for the Marijuana Policy Project. Lauren Vzquez is an industry expert and pioneer.### We Do Things Differently##### We're a Small Business TooWe know what it's like to get started with almost nothing and have to rely on hard work, friends, and family to make your dreams come true. Spending money on things like fancy law books (umm, internet) and mahogany furniture is not our style. We keep our overhead low so we can pass that savings on to you. We accept credit cards and offer flexible billing options including payment plans and bundle discounts.##### We Keep It SimpleOur home base is in Oakland at The Port Workspace, one of those hipster co-working offices filled with entrepreneurial do-gooders (yes, there is a slide). The Port is located in Jack London Square with easy parking and Bart access. If more convenient, we can come to you at your local place of business.### ##### We Don't Nickel and DimeOur fees are fair and straightforward. Unlike most law firms, we do not round up our hourly billing to 10 minute increments. You only pay for the actual time we work on your services. Sometimes it takes more than one attorney to complete your legal services. If that's the case, we never double bill when two or more attorneys work on your services at the same time. We also provide discounts when appropriate.### Everything We Do is Awesome!###### Check Out Lauren in the News### Confused about who does what in California?###### View our quick guide with links to state agencies  As of July 1, 2021, the state licensing agencies have consolidated into the new Department of Cannabis Control. As the transition slowly progresses, continue to check all agency websites for updates.### Cannabis News & Views###### ## Epic Cannabis Guide from Oaksterdam University __May 24, 2023 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Top PostAuthor: Lauren Vazquez I'm excited to share a new resource that I've had the pleasure of contributing to, the "Budtender's Guide: A Reference Manual for Cannabis Consumers and Dispensary Professionals, by Oaksterdam University. It is a thorough informative book for those wishing to go beyond the basics. Available on Amazon, the Guide is a great## Cannabis: From One Pandemic to Another __November 29, 2020 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Top PostAuthor: Mitchell Colbert This article is published in memory of Eddie Rodriguez who suffered because he was denied safe access to cannabis Cannabis Legalization Pioneer Dennis Peron In honor of World AIDS Day on December 1st, we must remember the cannabis activists that risked everything to get us where we are today. Over the last## 7/10 and Social Distancing: We Got This! __June 22, 2020 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Top PostCovid-19 cancelled 4/20 but cannabis consumers have a second chance to celebrate legalization on 7/10, with social distancing of course. Fortunately cannabis consumers are experts at social distancing. Don't forget legal Adult-Use is less than a decade old. Many states still enforce prohibition with harsh penalties. While it is safe to publicly celebrate cannabis in## Get Up Stand Up for Black Lives Matter __June 5, 2020 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Fired Up! **,**Top PostActual smoke/tear gas grenade launched by Oakland Police at peaceful protestors including Lauren Vazquez, the Fired Up Lawyer It's time to march in the streets to protect Black Lives and save America from racism. There will never be a more appropriate time than right here right now. This may be our last chance before the great## Use This Soap to Help Legalize! __April 22, 2020 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Top PostAuthor: Mitchell Colbert Hand washing is critical in the fight against Covid-19 and other viruses. If you aren't familiar with the brand, you probably know Dr. Bronner's as that soap company with writing ALL over the bottle. What you may not know about Dr. Bronner's is they have been using hemp in their soap since## Top 5 Mistakes in Cannabis Licensing __June 11, 2019 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __MAUCRSA **,**Top PostThese are some of the most common mistakes we encounter: 1. Not putting agreements with partners, investors, landlords, or others in writing 2. Hiring overpriced unqualified cannabis consultants instead of lawyers 3. Relying on investors who promise to pay but don't 4. Neglecting a corporation or LLC that gets suspended by the state 5. Trusting## How to Legally Sell CBD In All 50 States __May 24, 2019 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Top PostThe 2018 Federal Farm Bill allows CBD to be sold in all 50 states. Here's how you can do it: 1) Source your CBD from Hemp 2) Import your Hemp or Hemp CBD or source it from a producer with a state license that has been federally certified (TBD). 3) Sell your Hemp CBD products in all## The Farm Bill Legalizes Hemp and Hemp CBD __April 17, 2019 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Fired Up! **,**Top PostThe US has finally joined the rest of the world in legalizing the commercial cultivation of industrial hemp. In the past, US companies could only import hemp to produce their products. Several years ago in a prior version of the Farm Bill, Congress authorized hemp cultivation for research purposes. Now, under the 2018 Farm Bill## Beware of the Cannabis Consultant __March 23, 2019 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Fired Up! **,**Top PostLately a few too many people have come to the Law Office after hiring a consultant to assist them. Unfortunately it is far too common that the consultants didn't complete the service they were paid to do, completed it incorrectly, or gave unqualified business and legal advice. One consultant even misinformed a client about a## Can I Fly With Pot? __November 29, 2018 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Fired Up! **,**MAUCRSA **,**Top PostIt's the holidays and many are dreading awkward family visits. At this time of year, people often ask, "Can I fly with pot?" The answer is, it depends All of the following information is based on outside sources and third party reports. It is offered at your own risk and does not constitute legal, practical,Attorney Lauren Vzquez is an industry pioneer who has advised cannabis businesses since the start of the industry in 2009. We are here to help you achieve your cannabis dreams.## **Request Legal Services**Sign UpServices & FeesNew Cannabis Inspection Protection Services!#### Integrity & Experience"My goal is to provide quality legal services at an affordable price so everyday people can achieve their cannabis dreams."Lauren Vzquez is the Fired Up Lawyer.  She is a cannabis business attorney and social entrepreneur who has worked for over a decade to end cannabis prohibition and advance alternatives to the failed war on drugs. An industry leader, Lauren served as a Senior Advisor and Statewide Organizer for the Prop 64 campaign. Lauren has practiced cannabis business law since 2009 and entered private practice in 2011. She has advised numerous cannabis companies and organizations. Lauren has worked with cities and counties for years to develop local licensing for cannabis businesses. Lauren is a Professor at Oaksterdam University and previously served as the National Deputy Director of Communications for the Marijuana Policy Project. Lauren Vzquez is an industry expert and pioneer.### We Do Things Differently##### We're a Small Business TooWe know what it's like to get started with almost nothing and have to rely on hard work, friends, and family to make your dreams come true. Spending money on things like fancy law books (umm, internet) and mahogany furniture is not our style. We keep our overhead low so we can pass that savings on to you. We accept credit cards and offer flexible billing options including payment plans and bundle discounts.##### We Keep It SimpleOur home base is in Oakland at The Port Workspace, one of those hipster co-working offices filled with entrepreneurial do-gooders (yes, there is a slide). The Port is located in Jack London Square with easy parking and Bart access. If more convenient, we can come to you at your local place of business.### ##### We Don't Nickel and DimeOur fees are fair and straightforward. Unlike most law firms, we do not round up our hourly billing to 10 minute increments. You only pay for the actual time we work on your services. Sometimes it takes more than one attorney to complete your legal services. If that's the case, we never double bill when two or more attorneys work on your services at the same time. We also provide discounts when appropriate.### Everything We Do is Awesome!###### Check Out Lauren in the News### Confused About Who Does What  in California?###### View our quick guide  with direct links to state agencies  As of July 1, 2021, the state licensing agencies have consolidated into the new Department of Cannabis Control. As the transition slowly progresses, continue to check all agency websites for updates.### Cannabis News & Views###### ## Epic Cannabis Guide from Oaksterdam University __May 24, 2023 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Top PostAuthor: Lauren Vazquez I'm excited to share a new resource that I've had the pleasure of contributing to, the "Budtender's Guide: A Reference Manual for Cannabis Consumers and Dispensary Professionals, by Oaksterdam University. It is a thorough informative book for those wishing to go beyond the basics. Available on Amazon, the Guide is a great## Cannabis: From One Pandemic to Another __November 29, 2020 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Top PostAuthor: Mitchell Colbert This article is published in memory of Eddie Rodriguez who suffered because he was denied safe access to cannabis Cannabis Legalization Pioneer Dennis Peron In honor of World AIDS Day on December 1st, we must remember the cannabis activists that risked everything to get us where we are today. Over the last## 7/10 and Social Distancing: We Got This! __June 22, 2020 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Top PostCovid-19 cancelled 4/20 but cannabis consumers have a second chance to celebrate legalization on 7/10, with social distancing of course. Fortunately cannabis consumers are experts at social distancing. Don't forget legal Adult-Use is less than a decade old. Many states still enforce prohibition with harsh penalties. While it is safe to publicly celebrate cannabis in## Get Up Stand Up for Black Lives Matter __June 5, 2020 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Fired Up! **,**Top PostActual smoke/tear gas grenade launched by Oakland Police at peaceful protestors including Lauren Vazquez, the Fired Up Lawyer It's time to march in the streets to protect Black Lives and save America from racism. There will never be a more appropriate time than right here right now. This may be our last chance before the great## Use This Soap to Help Legalize! __April 22, 2020 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Top PostAuthor: Mitchell Colbert Hand washing is critical in the fight against Covid-19 and other viruses. If you aren't familiar with the brand, you probably know Dr. Bronner's as that soap company with writing ALL over the bottle. What you may not know about Dr. Bronner's is they have been using hemp in their soap since## Top 5 Mistakes in Cannabis Licensing __June 11, 2019 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __MAUCRSA **,**Top PostThese are some of the most common mistakes we encounter: 1. Not putting agreements with partners, investors, landlords, or others in writing 2. Hiring overpriced unqualified cannabis consultants instead of lawyers 3. Relying on investors who promise to pay but don't 4. Neglecting a corporation or LLC that gets suspended by the state 5. Trusting## How to Legally Sell CBD In All 50 States __May 24, 2019 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Top PostThe 2018 Federal Farm Bill allows CBD to be sold in all 50 states. Here's how you can do it: 1) Source your CBD from Hemp 2) Import your Hemp or Hemp CBD or source it from a producer with a state license that has been federally certified (TBD). 3) Sell your Hemp CBD products in all## The Farm Bill Legalizes Hemp and Hemp CBD __April 17, 2019 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Fired Up! **,**Top PostThe US has finally joined the rest of the world in legalizing the commercial cultivation of industrial hemp. In the past, US companies could only import hemp to produce their products. Several years ago in a prior version of the Farm Bill, Congress authorized hemp cultivation for research purposes. Now, under the 2018 Farm Bill## Beware of the Cannabis Consultant __March 23, 2019 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Fired Up! **,**Top PostLately a few too many people have come to the Law Office after hiring a consultant to assist them. Unfortunately it is far too common that the consultants didn't complete the service they were paid to do, completed it incorrectly, or gave unqualified business and legal advice. One consultant even misinformed a client about a## Can I Fly With Pot? __November 29, 2018 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Fired Up! **,**MAUCRSA **,**Top PostIt's the holidays and many are dreading awkward family visits. At this time of year, people often ask, "Can I fly with pot?" The answer is, it depends All of the following information is based on outside sources and third party reports. It is offered at your own risk and does not constitute legal, practical,## Epic Cannabis Guide from Oaksterdam University __May 24, 2023 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Top PostAuthor: Lauren Vazquez I'm excited to share a new resource that I've had the pleasure of contributing to, the "Budtender's Guide: A Reference Manual for Cannabis Consumers and Dispensary Professionals, by Oaksterdam University. It is a thorough informative book for those wishing to go beyond the basics. Available on Amazon, the Guide is a great## Cannabis: From One Pandemic to Another __November 29, 2020 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Top PostAuthor: Mitchell Colbert This article is published in memory of Eddie Rodriguez who suffered because he was denied safe access to cannabis Cannabis Legalization Pioneer Dennis Peron In honor of World AIDS Day on December 1st, we must remember the cannabis activists that risked everything to get us where we are today. Over the last## 7/10 and Social Distancing: We Got This! __June 22, 2020 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Top PostCovid-19 cancelled 4/20 but cannabis consumers have a second chance to celebrate legalization on 7/10, with social distancing of course. Fortunately cannabis consumers are experts at social distancing. Don't forget legal Adult-Use is less than a decade old. Many states still enforce prohibition with harsh penalties. While it is safe to publicly celebrate cannabis in## Get Up Stand Up for Black Lives Matter __June 5, 2020 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Fired Up! **,**Top PostActual smoke/tear gas grenade launched by Oakland Police at peaceful protestors including Lauren Vazquez, the Fired Up Lawyer It's time to march in the streets to protect Black Lives and save America from racism. There will never be a more appropriate time than right here right now. This may be our last chance before the great## Use This Soap to Help Legalize! __April 22, 2020 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Top PostAuthor: Mitchell Colbert Hand washing is critical in the fight against Covid-19 and other viruses. If you aren't familiar with the brand, you probably know Dr. Bronner's as that soap company with writing ALL over the bottle. What you may not know about Dr. Bronner's is they have been using hemp in their soap since## Top 5 Mistakes in Cannabis Licensing __June 11, 2019 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __MAUCRSA **,**Top PostThese are some of the most common mistakes we encounter: 1. Not putting agreements with partners, investors, landlords, or others in writing 2. Hiring overpriced unqualified cannabis consultants instead of lawyers 3. Relying on investors who promise to pay but don't 4. Neglecting a corporation or LLC that gets suspended by the state 5. Trusting## How to Legally Sell CBD In All 50 States __May 24, 2019 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Top PostThe 2018 Federal Farm Bill allows CBD to be sold in all 50 states. Here's how you can do it: 1) Source your CBD from Hemp 2) Import your Hemp or Hemp CBD or source it from a producer with a state license that has been federally certified (TBD). 3) Sell your Hemp CBD products in all## The Farm Bill Legalizes Hemp and Hemp CBD __April 17, 2019 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Fired Up! **,**Top PostThe US has finally joined the rest of the world in legalizing the commercial cultivation of industrial hemp. In the past, US companies could only import hemp to produce their products. Several years ago in a prior version of the Farm Bill, Congress authorized hemp cultivation for research purposes. Now, under the 2018 Farm Bill## Beware of the Cannabis Consultant __March 23, 2019 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Fired Up! **,**Top PostLately a few too many people have come to the Law Office after hiring a consultant to assist them. Unfortunately it is far too common that the consultants didn't complete the service they were paid to do, completed it incorrectly, or gave unqualified business and legal advice. One consultant even misinformed a client about a## Can I Fly With Pot? __November 29, 2018 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Fired Up! **,**MAUCRSA **,**Top PostIt's the holidays and many are dreading awkward family visits. At this time of year, people often ask, "Can I fly with pot?" The answer is, it depends All of the following information is based on outside sources and third party reports. It is offered at your own risk and does not constitute legal, practical,## Epic Cannabis Guide from Oaksterdam University __May 24, 2023 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Top PostAuthor: Lauren Vazquez I'm excited to share a new resource that I've had the pleasure of contributing to, the "Budtender's Guide: A Reference Manual for Cannabis Consumers and Dispensary Professionals, by Oaksterdam University. It is a thorough informative book for those wishing to go beyond the basics. Available on Amazon, the Guide is a great## Cannabis: From One Pandemic to Another __November 29, 2020 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Top PostAuthor: Mitchell Colbert This article is published in memory of Eddie Rodriguez who suffered because he was denied safe access to cannabis Cannabis Legalization Pioneer Dennis Peron In honor of World AIDS Day on December 1st, we must remember the cannabis activists that risked everything to get us where we are today. Over the last## 7/10 and Social Distancing: We Got This! __June 22, 2020 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Top PostCovid-19 cancelled 4/20 but cannabis consumers have a second chance to celebrate legalization on 7/10, with social distancing of course. Fortunately cannabis consumers are experts at social distancing. Don't forget legal Adult-Use is less than a decade old. Many states still enforce prohibition with harsh penalties. While it is safe to publicly celebrate cannabis in## Get Up Stand Up for Black Lives Matter __June 5, 2020 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Fired Up! **,**Top PostActual smoke/tear gas grenade launched by Oakland Police at peaceful protestors including Lauren Vazquez, the Fired Up Lawyer It's time to march in the streets to protect Black Lives and save America from racism. There will never be a more appropriate time than right here right now. This may be our last chance before the great## Use This Soap to Help Legalize! __April 22, 2020 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Top PostAuthor: Mitchell Colbert Hand washing is critical in the fight against Covid-19 and other viruses. If you aren't familiar with the brand, you probably know Dr. Bronner's as that soap company with writing ALL over the bottle. What you may not know about Dr. Bronner's is they have been using hemp in their soap since## Top 5 Mistakes in Cannabis Licensing __June 11, 2019 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __MAUCRSA **,**Top PostThese are some of the most common mistakes we encounter: 1. Not putting agreements with partners, investors, landlords, or others in writing 2. Hiring overpriced unqualified cannabis consultants instead of lawyers 3. Relying on investors who promise to pay but don't 4. Neglecting a corporation or LLC that gets suspended by the state 5. Trusting## How to Legally Sell CBD In All 50 States __May 24, 2019 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Top PostThe 2018 Federal Farm Bill allows CBD to be sold in all 50 states. Here's how you can do it: 1) Source your CBD from Hemp 2) Import your Hemp or Hemp CBD or source it from a producer with a state license that has been federally certified (TBD). 3) Sell your Hemp CBD products in all## The Farm Bill Legalizes Hemp and Hemp CBD __April 17, 2019 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Fired Up! **,**Top PostThe US has finally joined the rest of the world in legalizing the commercial cultivation of industrial hemp. In the past, US companies could only import hemp to produce their products. Several years ago in a prior version of the Farm Bill, Congress authorized hemp cultivation for research purposes. Now, under the 2018 Farm Bill## Beware of the Cannabis Consultant __March 23, 2019 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Fired Up! **,**Top PostLately a few too many people have come to the Law Office after hiring a consultant to assist them. Unfortunately it is far too common that the consultants didn't complete the service they were paid to do, completed it incorrectly, or gave unqualified business and legal advice. One consultant even misinformed a client about a## Can I Fly With Pot? __November 29, 2018 __fireduplawyer@gmail.com __Fired Up! **,**MAUCRSA **,**Top PostIt's the holidays and many are dreading awkward family visits. At this time of year, people often ask, "Can I fly with pot?" The answer is, it depends All of the following information is based on outside sources and third party reports. It is offered at your own risk and does not constitute legal, practical,  * Home  * Services  * Our Team  * Connect  * Terms of UseCopyright 2011-2024, Lauren Vzquez, All Rights Reserved. Licensed by the California State Bar #267880. The information on this website is provided for informational purposes only and does not contain legal advice, legal opinions, or any other form of advice regarding any specific facts or circumstances. You should always consult a lawyer for individual advice regarding your own situation. Contacting Lauren Vzquez, the Fired Up Lawyer, does not contractually obligate her to represent you. The information provided on this website is not intended to create an attorney-client relationship. The attorney-client relationship is not created until the user submits payment and executes the formal Attorney-Client Agreement. Please do not send any confidential information until such time as an attorney-client relationship has been established. Any testimonial or endorsement on this website does not constitute a guarantee, warranty, or prediction regarding the outcome of your legal matter. This website is an advertisement. Address: 101 Broadway #259 Oakland, CA 94607.  * Home  * Services  * Our Team  * Connect  * Terms of UseCopyright 2011-2024, Lauren Vzquez, All Rights Reserved. Licensed by the California State Bar #267880. The information on this website is provided for informational purposes only and does not contain legal advice, legal opinions, or any other form of advice regarding any specific facts or circumstances. You should always consult a lawyer for individual advice regarding your own situation. Contacting Lauren Vzquez, the Fired Up Lawyer, does not contractually obligate her to represent you. The information provided on this website is not intended to create an attorney-client relationship. The attorney-client relationship is not created until the user submits payment and executes the formal Attorney-Client Agreement. Please do not send any confidential information until such time as an attorney-client relationship has been established. Any testimonial or endorsement on this website does not constitute a guarantee, warranty, or prediction regarding the outcome of your legal matter. This website is an advertisement. Address: 101 Broadway #259 Oakland, CA 94607.  * Home  * Our Team  * Services  * Connect  * TermsCopyright 2011-2024, Lauren Vzquez, All Rights Reserved. Licensed by the California State Bar #267880. The information on this website is provided for informational purposes only and does not contain legal advice, legal opinions, or any other form of advice regarding any specific facts or circumstances. You should always consult a lawyer for individual advice regarding your own situation. Contacting Lauren Vzquez, the Fired Up Lawyer, does not contractually obligate her to represent you. The information provided on this website is not intended to create an attorney-client relationship. The attorney-client relationship is not created until the user submits payment and executes the formal Attorney-Client Agreement. Please do not send any confidential information until such time as an attorney-client relationship has been established. Any testimonial or endorsement on this website does not constitute a guarantee, warranty, or prediction regarding the outcome of your legal matter. This website is an advertisement. Address: 101 Broadway #259 Oakland, CA 94607.__ Menu