  * Close 
  * Skip to Content 
  * High Contrast 
  * Increase Text Size 
  * Clear All 

![Gelb & Gelb LLP](/images/logos/Logo.png) ![Gelb & Gelb
LLP](/images/logos/Logo2.png) 877-867-0034

  * Home 
  * Our Firm 
  * Our Team 
    * Gail Kleven Gelb, Esquire
    * Richard M. Gelb, Esquire
    * Daniel K. Gelb, Esquire
    * Natassja S. Reese
  * Practice Areas 
    * Business Litigation
    * Securities Litigation
    * Criminal Defense
    * Regulatory Proceedings
    * Academic & Student Misconduct Defense
    * Domestic Relations / Family Law
    * Probate Litigation / Estate Disputes
  * Publications & Seminars 
    * Publications 
    * Seminars
  * Contact Us 

**Call Us** 877-867-0034

  * Home 
  * Our Firm 
  * Our Team 
    * Gail Kleven Gelb, Esquire
    * Richard M. Gelb, Esquire
    * Daniel K. Gelb, Esquire
    * Natassja S. Reese
  * Practice Areas 
    * Business Litigation
    * Securities Litigation
    * Criminal Defense
    * Regulatory Proceedings
    * Academic & Student Misconduct Defense
    * Domestic Relations / Family Law
    * Probate Litigation / Estate Disputes
  * Publications & Seminars 
    * Publications 
    * Seminars
  * Contact Us 

View Our Locations

**Follow Us**

  *   * 

Search Our Site

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAAAAACH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAICRAEAOw==)

**Our Team**

# Our Team

## Legal Offices Conveniently Located in Beverly, Boston & New York

Our team at Gelb & Gelb LLP has cultivated a strong reputation in our local
community thanks to our cost-effective legal strategies for businesses and
individuals.. Our decades of experience and allow us to effectively represent
clients across a number of _practice areas_.

Our Beverly attorneys can help you navigate complex legal issues, including
those that require litigation. We are committed to finding realistic solutions
consistent with our clients' goals. This might mean taking the matter to
court, but it could also lead to seeking alternate resolution options through
arbitration, conciliation or mediation.

**Gelb & Gelb LLP will listen to your concerns and work to understand every
facet of your case**. We can help answer questions and identify what legal
solutions may be available. Our firm sees the client-lawyer relationship as a
team, and we want to give you the tools and information to make important
decisions about your case. Together, we will develop a litigation and/or
negotiation strategy with your best interests in mind.

**Our team regularly assists clients with cases involving:**

  * Business Litigation for both plaintiffs and defendants 
  * Securities Litigation for both plaintiffs and defendants 
  * Criminal Defense for individuals and companies charged with either white-collar crimes and/or general criminal offenses 
  * Regulatory Proceedings for both individuals and businesses 
  * Academic Misconduct for both students and faculty members 
  * Probate Litigation for beneficiaries, heirs, administrators, and executors 
  * Domestic Relations for spouses/parents, children, and grandparents

**Every member of our team is committed to meeting your legal needs**. Our
attorneys and staff work collaboratively to manage your case, explore
potential litigation and settlement options, and we keep you informed about
the status of your case.

**To learn more about our attorneys and staff, review their profiles:**

  * **Gail Kleven Gelb, Esquire** - Attorney 
  * **Richard M. Gelb, Esquire** \- Attorney 
  * **Daniel K. Gelb, Esquire** - Attorney 
  * **Natassja S. Reese** - Accountant, Office Manager 

**We also encourage you to review our** **resources ****page to learn more
about our contributions to the larger legal community**. Our attorneys
regularly serve as panelists or chairs for legal seminars, author books and
publications, and appear in the news.

* * *

**No matter the scope or complexity of your legal problem in the areas in
which Gelb & Gelb LLP practices, our lawyers are prepared to assist you.**

* * *

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAAAAACH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAICRAEAOw==)

#### Skilled & Experienced

  * ![Daniel K. Gelb, Esquire Photo](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAAAAACH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAICRAEAOw==)

**Daniel K. Gelb, Esquire**

Attorney

  * ![Gail Kleven  Gelb, Esquire Photo](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAAAAACH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAICRAEAOw==)

**Gail Kleven Gelb, Esquire**

Attorney

  * ![Richard M. Gelb, Esquire Photo](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAAAAACH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAICRAEAOw==)

**Richard M. Gelb, Esquire**

Attorney

  * ![Natassja S. Reese Photo](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAAAAACH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAICRAEAOw==)

**Natassja S. Reese**

Accountant, Office Manager

/

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAAAAACH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAICRAEAOw==)

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAAAAACH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAICRAEAOw==)

####  Contact Us

Use of this form is subject to the terms of the Privacy Policy and Disclaimer
for this website.

  * First Name

Please enter your first name.

  * Last Name

Please enter your last name.

  * Phone

Please enter your phone number.

This isn't a valid phone number.

  * Email

Please enter your email address.

This isn't a valid email address.

  * Yes, I am a potential new client No, I'm a current existing client I'm neither. Are you a new client?

Please make a selection.

  * Message

Please enter a message.

Submit

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAAAAACH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAICRAEAOw==)

  * Home
  * Our Team
  * Practice Areas
  * Publications & Seminars
  * Contact Us
  * Disclaimer
  * Privacy Policy
  * Site Map
  * NY Statement of Client's Rights & Responsibilities

****

877-867-0034  

****

**Follow Us**

  *   * 

  * **Main Office**

900 Cummings Center, Suite 207-V  
Beverly, MA 01915

Map & Directions

  * **Boston Office**

100 Cambridge Street, 14th Floor  
Boston, MA 02114

Map & Directions

  * **New York Office**

405 Lexington Ave  
New York, NY 10174

Map & Directions

The information on this website is for information purposes only. Nothing on
this website should be considered legal advice and prior results do not
guarantee a similar outcome. This website is not intended to create, nor is
the receipt or viewing of it, constitute an attorney-client relationship.
Therefore, you should not transmit any information through this website that
you regard as personal or confidential.

(C) 2024 All Rights Reserved.

![Internet Marketing
Experts](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAAAAACH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAICRAEAOw==)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=560423202922709&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

