Skip to content

![Abend & Silber, PLLC](https://www.abendsilber.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/12/Screen-Shot-2015-12-11-at-2.56.14-PM-1.png)

  * __

444 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10022

  * __

212-532-7575

Free Case Consultation

  * __Hire Us

__

  * Home
  * Practice Areas
    * Medical Malpractice
    * Personal Injury
    * NY Child Victims Act
    * Motor Vehicle Accidents
    * Construction Accidents
    * Premises Liability
  * Attorneys
    * Richard H. Abend
    * Josh Silber
    * Jessica Levitas
  * Case Results
    * NY Medical Malpractice Case Results
    * Motor Vehicle Accident Case Results
    * Premises Liability Results
  * News
  * Resources
  * Contact Us

________

# **Practice Areas**

![](https://www.abendsilber.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/01/Health_Care-500x300.jpg)

### Medical Malpractice

If a health care professional provides care that is substandard and causes
injury or death to a patient, they may be liable to the patient or the
patient’s family for medical malpractice or wrongful death. We can help you
understand what happened and we’re happy to answer any questions you might
have.

Read More

![](https://www.abendsilber.com/wp-
content/uploads/revslider/home1/Bicycle_Accidents-500x300.jpg)

### Personal Injury

If you or a loved one have been hurt as a result of someone’s negligence, you
may be entitled to compensation for your pain and suffering, medical expenses,
lost wages or other damages. If you’ve been injured in a car crash or had an
accident on someone’s property, you should contact a lawyer immediately to
learn your rights.

Read More

![motor-vehicle-accident](https://www.abendsilber.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/08/motor-vehicle-accident-500x300.jpg)

### Motor Vehicle Accidents

New York car accidents, New York motorcycle accidents and other New York City
motor vehicle accidents are often caused by ...

Read More

![construction accident lawyers](https://www.abendsilber.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/12/construction.jpg)

### Construction Accidents

The workers that are the backbone of this country are routinely placed in
harm's way due to unsafe or hazardous ...

Read More

![Premises Liability](https://www.abendsilber.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/08/Premises-Liability_top-500x300.jpg)

### Premises Liability

Millions of people are injured each year in slip-and-fall or other premises
accidents. Since property owners are responsible for maintaining ...

Read More

![defective-product-lawyer-mcallen-1](https://www.abendsilber.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/08/defective-product-lawyer-mcallen-1.jpg)

### New York Child Victims Act

The New York Child Victims Act allows child sex abuse survivors to bring a
civil lawsuit against abusers and institutions ...

Read More

### About Our Law Firm

Abend & Silber is a full service law firm with a core litigation practice. At
the heart of our litigation practice, we represent individuals injured by
medical malpractice, car accidents, and premises accidents including
construction accidents, slip and fall accidents or workplace accidents.

### Recent News

  * Grieving Families Act - A modern day amendment to New York's Wrongful Death Law

  * ![](https://www.abendsilber.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/07/JAA-A-S-1-150x150.jpg) 5 New Lawsuits Add Depth to Doctor Reginald Archibald’s Legacy of Child Sexual Abuse at Rockefeller University Hospital

### Contact Info

__

444 Madison Avenue, 6th Floor  
New York, NY 10022

__

(212) 532-7575

__

info [at] abendsilber.com

### Search

Search for:

© Copyright 2023 Abend & Silber, PLLC | Attorney Advertising | Prior results
do not guarantee a similar outcome

  * Our Attorneys
  * Case Results
  * Disclaimer

__

