Skip to content  * Homepage  * Practice Areas  * Better Representation  * Our Team  * FAQs  * Get In TouchMenu  * Homepage  * Practice Areas  * Better Representation  * Our Team  * FAQs  * Get In TouchTalk to an Attorney TodayClients. Not Cases.#### A law firm that knows that the experience must be as good as the settlement.Free Legal ConsultationsLet us hear what happened and we will explore how we can help you in these difficult times. Experience Speaks and Counsel ListensA seasoned and strategic approach to your case while actually taking the time to listen to your specific needs.Prepared to Push BoundariesWe're the firm that doesn't settle at the first offer, one that is committed to protecting their clients' interests. Previous slideNext slideA Very Different Law Firm## Your Experience & Outcome is Everything ###  A Law Firm with Courtroom Experience We are seasoned in the courtroom and know what it means to fight for you. We are prepared to take your case to court to get you what you deserve. ###  A Law Firm that is Here For You With us, you are not just a case, you are our client and we are here to guide you and answer all of your questions. ###  Free Consultation and No Fee Unless You Win We only win when you do. We are going to fight as hard as we have to get you the best possible outcome. Our Practice Areas## Helping You Through Challenging TimesYour injuries need proper attention from medical professionals the same way your case does. We will assist you on your journey to healing by remaining in close contact with your care team. Car AccidentSteering your path to justice, committed to securing maximum compensation for your injuries.Slip & FallHolding them accountable for not mopping up the mess, dedicated to helping you recover.NegligenceCarefully employing seasoned legal strategies when they weren't careful to protect you. Trip & FallLeveling the playing field with our experienced team, focused on your comeback.Personal InjuryWith empathetic advocacy, well make sure they understand your specific physical, emotional, and financial losses.Store AccidentFrom small-box to big-box store mishaps we utilitze out-of-the-box thinking to help you. Wrongful DeathSafeguarding your familys rights when you suffer the ultimate loss.Boating AccidentNavigating your legal voyage with our assertive approach and captaining you to calmer waters.Motorcycle AccidentRiding alongside you with skill and attention on your road to recovery.Truck AccidentWe help you get back in the driver's seat of your life after the wrongdoing of a big-wheel driver. Our Practice AreasFind Out MoreOur Practice AreasWere Proud of the Company We Keep## Former Prosecutor###### Heres the Proof## Results by Jay J. Dermer, Esq.Each case presents it's own unique facts and circumstances.## $650,000## Department Store Accident## $255,000## Car Accident## $250,000## Rideshare Accident## $1,000,000## Premises Liability## $350,000## Rideshare Accident## $125,000## Stairwell Accident## $100,000## Slip & Fall## $140,000## Hotel Accident## $135,000 ## Slip & Fall## $285,000## Car Accident## $285,000## Car Accident## $175,000## Department Store Accident## $160,000## Nail Salon Accident## $345,000## Parking Lot Accident## $175,000## Slip & FallClients. Not Cases.### It's at the root of everything we are.Talk to an Attorney TodayMenu   * Homepage  * Practice Areas  * Better Representation  * Our Team  * FAQs  * Get In Touch  * Homepage  * Practice Areas  * Better Representation  * Our Team  * FAQs  * Get In TouchLocations We Serve   * Pam Beach County  * Miami Dade County  * Broward County  * Martin County  * Lee County  * Glades County  * & All of FloridaCall or Text Us: (561) 486-4004700 S. Rosemary Ave. #204  West Palm Beach, FL 33401[email protected]  Fax: (561) 260-5102Linkedin FacebookCopyright 2023 Dermer Law FirmThis website has been prepared by Dermer Law Firm for informational purposes only and does not constitute legal advice. The information is not provided in the course of an attorney-client relationship and is not intended to substitute for legal advice from an attorney licensed in your jurisdiction. The information contained in this website is provided only as general information, which may or may not reflect the most current legal developments. This website occasionally contains links to other web pages. The inclusion of such links, however, does not constitute referrals or endorsements of the linked entities. Dermer Law Firm specifically disclaims any responsibility for positions taken by users in their individual cases or for any misunderstanding on the part of users of this website or any linked websites.The hiring of a lawyer is an important decision that should not be based solely upon advertisements. Before you decide, ask us to send you free, written information about our qualifications and experience.