410-405-7996 [email protected]

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Linkedin

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Linkedin

  * Home
  * About Us
    * Testimonials
  * Practice areas
    * Estate Planning, Wills and Trusts
    * Trust Administration
    * Planning for Your Children/Guardianship
    * Special Needs Planning
    * Elder Law and Medicaid Planning
    * Adult Guardianship
    * Asset Protection Planning
    * Estate Tax Planning
    * Probate Process
    * Business Entity Formation
    * Small Business General Counsel
    * Business Succession
    * Employment Law
  * Blog/Media
    * Blog
    * Video
    * Podcasts
  * Events
  * FAQs
  * Contact Us
  * Make Payment

Select Page

## When nothing seems like it’s working, we make the law work for you.

FREE CONSULTATION

#### Book a free

family estate planning consultation

#### Book a free

business succession planning consultation.

#### Receive a free

ebook about estate planning.

#### Receive a free

white paper on implementing a solid business foundation.

#### Estate Planning

## Free 15-minute consultation to talk about estate planning for family or
business.

Life happens fast and if you are not prepared for the inevitable, you could
leave your loved ones or your business in a bad situation.

Having a clear, well-defined estate plan or business succession plan means
everyone you care about knows what to expect and can deal with their grief
without having to worry about legal matters.

The lack of a properly designed Will or Trust, can lead to confusion and
conflict and add pain to an already difficult time.

Whether it’s family members not knowing who is supposed to get what or your
small business not knowing who is in charge now, an unexpected death can cause
turmoil without proper planning in place.

Schedule a FREE 15-minute consultation with the Lundy Law Group to find out
how we can help you make sure everything is accounted for.

#### Wills

Make sure all your loved ones know exactly what is happening after you (or
another loved one) is gone. Avoid confusion and let your family grieve in
peace.

#### Trusts

Entrust the care of your property to individuals who will be able to implement
your wishes immediately without delay or third party interference.

#### Business Formation

Get the best advice about how to incorporate your small business to ensure you
are protected while your business thrives.

#### Small Business General Counsel

Receive the best advice for your small business regarding any matter. Lundy
Law Group will help steer your business through any uncertain times.

#### Estate and Business Planning

We help individuals and businesses prepare loved ones and colleagues for the
unexpected so everything can continue to run smoothly.

#### Counties we Serve

We are located in Howard County and serve all of the surrounding counties, no
matter how near or far, including Howard County, Anne Arundel County, Prince
George's County, and Baltimore County

#### TESTIMONIAL

## What one of our satisfied clients says about us …

**" Paulette presented the information at a gathering in our home. Everyone
was impressed with her presentation and her passion. Thanks again Paulette for
keeping us in the know and on the right path!"**

## Additional Legal Services

#### Guardianship

We work with you to make sure your minor children or individuals with special
needs are properly cared for after you’re gone and don’t end up in the care of
the wrong individuals.

#### Estate Planning

We help you make sure your money and property goes to your loved ones and not
the state department without unnecessary delay or third party interference.

#### Elder Law/Medicaid Planning

Working together with you, we work out who will receive care and how that care
will be paid for. We make sure your elders are safe and sound.

#### Adult Guardianship and Conservatorship

If you have any adults in your life who may need a guardian now or in the
event of your passing, we make sure they are cared for.

#### Asset Protection Planning

We protect your assets from falling victim to creditor claims, taxes, divorce,
lawsuits and other disasters.

#### Special Needs Planning

If you have a special needs child in your life, we help you protect them and
make sure they have the life they need or you envisioned.

#### Estate Tax Planning

Your estate should go to your loved ones instead of being subject to taxation.
We make sure that happens by putting as much of it in your loved one’s hands
as possible.

#### Probate Process

We guide you through the difficult process of ensuring a deceased loved one’s
assets end up in the right hands.

## Book a Free 15-minute consultation

Don’t delay or hesitate. Get quality family or business estate planning
advice.

Contact Us Today

Our experienced attorneys specialize in all matters relating to Estate
Planning, Family, Small Business and Employment law.

Every family and small business deserves the best possible legal advice. That
is what the Lundy Law Group delivers!

  * Follow
  * Follow
  * Follow

#### Practice Areas

####

5

Estate Planning, Wills and Trusts

5

Trust Administration

5

Planning for Your Children / Guardianship

5

Special Needs Planning

5

Elder Law and Medicaid Planning

5

Adult Guardianship

5

Asset Protection Planning

5

Estate Tax Planning

5

Probate Process

5

Business Entity Formation

5

Business Succession

5

Employment Law

#### Quick Links

####

5

Home

5

About Us

5

Services

5

Blog

5

Events

5

FAQs

5

Contact Us

#### Register here for our Legacy Minute Bi-Monthly Newsletter

## Success!

Email

Submit

## Affiliations/Memberships

##

Copyright 2020 Lundy Law Group. All rights reserved | Terms & Privacy |
Website developed by Creative Flow Inc.

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Linkedin

Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPress

