top of page

NICHOLAS GOODMAN

Associates, PLLC

&

  * HOME

  * FIRM

    * Nicholas Goodman
    * Patrick Selvey
    * Alfred Fuente
    * Camille Abate
  * OUR WORK

  * CONTACT US

  * More

Use tab to navigate through the menu items.

# WHO WE ARE

Our team of dedicated attorneys, support staff, and our network of outside
professionals will work tirelessly to obtain the best possible result for you.

## OUR ATTORNEYS

##### Nicholas Goodman​​ | Principal

Tel: 917-386-2701

Email: ngoodman@ngoodmanlaw.com​

Nicholas Goodman

Education

B.A. Bard College

M.A. University of Texas

J.D. University of Texas School of Law

Admissions

State of New York, 1985

United States District Court, S.D.N.Y., 1987

United States District Court, E.D.N.Y,. 1987

United States Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit,1997  
United States Supreme Court, 2013

After graduating from the University of Texas School of Law in Austin where he
won awards for his legal research and writing skills, Mr. Goodman began his
legal career in 1984 as Law Secretary to a Justice of the New York State
Supreme Court in Manhattan. During the next two fulfilling years, he assisted
in drafting several decisions published in New York's official reports.



Mr. Goodman then transitioned to a prominent midtown civil practice firm.
There, he engaged in every aspect of litigation from pleadings through
document discovery and depositions to jury trials and appeals. Over the years
Mr. Goodman litigated every variety of tort and wrongful death case
imaginable, including cases arising out of motor vehicle, construction, and
elevator accidents, product malfunctions, sexual assault, barroom brawls,
over-service of alcohol, and defamation.



In the course of this work, Mr. Goodman developed extensive knowledge not only
of the applicable substantive law but also the intricacies of procedural
practice. And as part of that work, Mr. Goodman has gained a solid
understanding of various insurance coverage issues.



Along the way, Mr. Goodman developed a strong interest in intellectual
property litigation and successfully represented clients in several high-
profile copyright and trademark infringement actions.



Mr. Goodman has always excelled with the written word and he demands that his
associates generate the highest quality legal writing. Throughout his career,
Mr. Goodman has taken pride in drafting complex motion papers and briefing and
arguing appeals before New York's Appellate Division, First and Second
Departments, New York's Court of Appeals and the United States Court of
Appeals for the Second Circuit.



In addition to his successful appellate practice, Mr. Goodman is also quite
fond of trial advocacy. He has tried more than 40 cases to verdict in state
and federal courts in New York, including complex personal injury and product
liability actions, trademark and copyright infringement cases, and a high-
profile civil rights case. He has also mediated and arbitrated in many forums.



In 2011, Mr. Goodman founded Nicholas Goodman & Associates where he has
continued to diversify and grow his practice. He and his associates strive to
examine every aspect of every case in order to provide his clients with the
best representation available. He understands that some cases call for early
resolution while others must be litigated to verdict and undertakes to advise
his clients accordingly.



Having grown up in Tennessee and having lived for several years in Texas, Mr.
Goodman has for the last 30 plus years called New York City home and enjoys
the cultural amenities available. For many years, Mr. Goodman has occupied a
seat on the Board of Managers of a well-known mixed use condominium and he is
conversant in condominium and co-op law.

Patrick Selvey

##### Patrick Selvey​​ | Associate

Tel: 917-386-2705

Email: pselvey@ngoodmanlaw.com​

Education

B.A. University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, 2010

J.D. Brooklyn Law School, 2014​

Admissions

State of New York, 2015

United States District Court, S.D.N.Y., 2017

United States Bankruptcy Court, E.D.N.Y., 2021

Patrick has a passion for effective and persuasive writing that began to
develop as he earned his undergraduate degree in philosophy at UNC Chapel
Hill. His talent for logical argumentation grew at Brooklyn Law School where
he graduated with honors.



Patrick began his legal career representing corporations in commercial
litigation in the New York State court system. Since joining NG&A in 2016, his
practice greatly diversified allowing him to hone his advocacy skills both at
oral argument and with the written word.

​

From motion practice in civil court to drafting briefs to the Appellate
Division, Patrick has enjoyed uniform success. He brings a sharp and tenacious
legal mind to every legal puzzle he confronts as he crafts the most compelling
legal argument available in support of his client's interests.

​

In his spare time, Patrick keeps up with the latest technological trends,
indulging his fascination with new developments in technology, gadgets, and
computer hardware and software. His personal interest in the latest tech helps
to ensure that NG&A is always on the cutting edge in everything from the
intricacies of electronic discovery to producing eye-catching trial exhibits.

Alfred Fuente

##### Alfred Fuente​​ | Counsel

Tel: 518-657-3102

Email: afuente@ngoodmanlaw.com

Education

B.A. Florida State University, 2002

M.A. University of Paris III, La Sorbonne Nouvelle, 2004

M.A. University of Paris I - Pantheon Sorbonne, 2007

J.D. American University Washington College of Law, 2012

Admissions

State of New York, 2013

United States District Court, S.D.N.Y.

United States District Court, E.D.N.Y.

Alfred R. Fuente, Esq. is Counsel to Nicholas Goodman & Associates, PLLC.



Alfred has almost a decade of experience handling a wealth of real estate
transaction and litigation matters having represented purchasers and sellers
in complex commercial and residential real estate transactions, and both
landlords and tenants in commercial tenancy matters.



Alfred speaks English, Spanish, and French fluently and advises clients
regarding FIRPTA issues. Alfred also has extensive experience litigating real
estate related matters in the courts sitting in the New York City metropolitan
area.



Prior to private practice, Alfred served as a Staff Attorney at the New York
Legal Assistance Group (NYLAG) assisting low-income New Yorkers recover from
Hurricane Sandy. He currently serves on the New York City Bar Association, Co-
operative and Condominium Committee.



Alfred is admitted to practice in the State of New York and the United States
District Courts for the Southern and Eastern Districts of New York.

Camille Abate

## OF COUNSEL

Tel: 917-386-2706

Email: C.Abate71@gmail.com

##### Camille Abate| Of Counsel

Education

B.S. New York University, 1975

J.D New York Law School, 1982

Admissions

State of New York, 1983

United States District Court, S.D.N.Y., 1993

United States District Court, E.D.N.Y., 1993

United States Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit, 2004

United States Court of Appeals, 4th Circuit, 1999

Camille M. Abate has successfully litigated complex cases in numerous state
and federal venues including New York, New Jersey, North Carolina, Florida,
Maryland, Virginia, the District of Columbia and Nevada, on both the trial and
appellate levels. She regularly consults with attorneys across the U.S. and
internationally. She has also been recognized for her exemplary advocacy in
proceedings before administrative agencies such as the Merit Systems
Protection Board and the National Labor Relations Board.

​

Ms. Abate is known for her willingness to take on seemingly unwinnable cases
and win them. She began her career in 1983 with the Legal Aid Society in
Brooklyn, New York, where she rapidly rose to prominence, winning dozens of
hotly contested jury trials. After honing her trial skills, she opened the
firm of Abate & Preuss, where she stood out as one of the few female named
partners who actively tried cases to juries. In her first federal jury trial
months after opening her private practice, she won a complete acquittal
against the Bureau Chief of the U.S. Attorney's Organized Crime Control Bureau
in the Southern District of New York.

​

Camille M. Abate is also an extraordinary teacher of trial advocacy. In
addition to teaching Trial Advocacy and the Advanced Criminal Practice Seminar
at Brooklyn Law School, Ms. Abate runs the Foundation for Excellence in Trial
Advocacy, an ongoing training and consulting entity established to assist both
practicing trial lawyers and law firm associates to hone their trial skills.
She has just written an innovative trial advocacy textbook entitled Advocacy
Excellence: The Jury Trial, released in February 2020 by Wolters Kluwer, that
includes not just standard trial skills but the latest 21st century advances
in litigation, specifically the rise of social media and texting and their
impact on e-discovery and proof at trial, making this book is a must for
practicing trial lawyers as well as students.  

​

Ms. Abate is Of Counsel to NG&A where she maintains a private litigation
practice in addition to her consulting and teaching duties.

​

## CONTACT US

 ​​333 Park Avenue South, Suite 3A

New York, New York 10010

Tel: 212-227-9003

Submit

Thanks for submitting!

​​​​(C) 2019 by Nicholas Goodman & Associates, PLLC - Attorney Advertising
Disclaimer

bottom of page

