No Fee Unless We Win - Free Case Review

  * Legal Blog
  * Areas Served
    * Bronx
    * Brooklyn
    * Queens

Search for:  ENG  |  ESP

![Hecht, Kleeger & Damashek logo.](https://lawyer1.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/04/header-logo.svg)

  * About The Firm
    * Jordan Hecht
    * Judd Kleeger
    * Jonathan Damashek
    * Noah S. Reiss
    * Neal Bass
    * Michael Rudick
    * Eric Goldman
    * Andrea V. Borden
    * About Our Law Firm
  * Practice Areas
    * Accident
      * Construction Accidents
      * Car Accidents
      * Truck Accidents
      * Bicycle Accidents
      * Medical Malpractice
      * Pedestrian Accidents
      * Train Accidents
    * Injury
      * Brain Injuries
      * Broken Bones
      * Burn Injuries
      * Child Injuries
      * Work Injuries
      * MTA Injury Claims
    * Liability
      * Municipal Liability
      * Premises Liability
      * Product Liability
    * Death
      * Wrongful Death
    * All Practice Areas
      * View All Cases We Handle
  * Reviews
  * Our Results
  * Contact

* * *

* * *

* * *

  * About
    * Jordan Hecht
    * Judd Kleeger
    * Jonathan Damashek
    * Noah S. Reiss
    * Neal Bass
    * Michael Rudick
    * Eric Goldman
    * About Our Law Firm
  * Practice Areas
    * Construction Accidents
    * Car Accidents
    * MTA Injury Claims
    * Municipal Liability
    * Falling Object Accidents
    * Truck Accidents
    * Pedestrian Accident
    * Bicycle Accident
    * Brain Injuries
    * Child Injuries
    * Premises Liability
    * Slip and Fall Accidents
    * Product Liability
    * Scaffold Accidents
    * Work Injuries
    * Wrongful Death
    * View All Cases We Handle
  * Reviews
  * Case Results
  * Areas We Serve
    * Bronx
    * Brooklyn
    * Queens
  * Legal Blog
  * Contact

# NYC Personal Injury Lawyers

We Get Results.

### Our NYC Injury Attorneys Have Won More Than  
**$750 Million** for Injury Victims Like You.

Hecht, Kleeger & Damashek, P.C. is a team of award-winning personal injury
lawyers in New York City. We handle injury claims from all types of accidents.

  * Free Case Review
  * No Fee Unless You Win
  * What to Expect

GIVE US A CALL TODAY

GIVE US A CALL TODAY



212-490-5700



  * On This Page  

Results Why Hire Us? Cases We Handle Practice Areas Our Process Frequently
Asked Questions Areas We Serve

About the Firm

## We Are Elite New York City Personal Injury Attorneys

The personal injury lawyer you choose to represent you after an accident can
make a huge difference in the amount of money you receive. We don’t back down
from big insurance companies and we will fight for what you deserve. Our New
York City injury attorneys have a proven record of multi-million dollar
verdicts and settlements in cases ranging from serious car accidents to
construction site injuries, and more. Schedule a **free initial consultation**
to discuss the details of your case and review your legal options with a
personal injury attorney near you. 212-490-5700.

### FREE Case Review

"*" indicates required fields

First Name*

Last Name*

Phone Number*

Email Address*

Tell Us About Your Case

Phone

This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

Δ

Some of our results include:

$25,000,000

PRODUCT LIABILITY

Hazardous Chemical Exposure

![Partner Jordan Hecht ](https://lawyer1.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/04/attorney-headshots-jordan-hecht-thumbnail.jpg)

ATTORNEY ON THE CASE

Jordan Hecht

$9,000,050

Labor Law

NYC Construction Workers Injured on an Exterior Scaffold

![Partner Jonathan Damashek ](https://lawyer1.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/04/attorney-headshots-jonathan-damashek-thumbnail.jpg)

ATTORNEY ON THE CASE

Jonathan Damashek

$8,000,000

Premises Liability

Child Burned by Scalding Water in the Shower

![Partner Jonathan Damashek ](https://lawyer1.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/04/attorney-headshots-jonathan-damashek-thumbnail.jpg)

ATTORNEY ON THE CASE

Jonathan Damashek

Read More Case Results

The Difference

## Why Hire Hecht, Kleeger & Damashek?



#### At Hecht, Kleeger & Damashek, P.C., our NYC injury attorneys have earned
recognition across the city.

New York Magazine & New York Law Journal listed our personal injury law firm’s
Top Verdicts and Settlements for 2011 and 2012. We are members of the Million
Dollar Advocates Forum®, and we are proud that our partners serve as officers
and sit on the Board of Directors of New York State Trial Lawyers. We even
carry the prestigious honors of being listed as SuperLawyers® and Best Law
Firms by U.S. News & World Report. Our injury attorneys have won **hundreds of
millions of dollars** for our clients because we are passionate about taking a
stand and don’t accept anything except the best possible outcome.

Contact an Attorney

![US News - Best Law
Firms](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20205%20200'%3E%3C/svg%3E)
![US News - Best Law Firms](/wp-content/uploads/2020/03/usnews-best-law-
firms.png)

The U.S. News - Best Lawyers 'Best Law Firms'

## Meet Our Personal Injury Attorneys:

![Partner Jordan Hecht ](https://lawyer1.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/04/attorney-headshots-jordan-hecht-thumbnail.jpg)

Jordan Hecht

Partner

![Partner Judd Kleeger ](https://lawyer1.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/04/attorney-headshots-judd-kleeger-thumbnail.jpg)

Judd Kleeger

Partner

![Partner Jonathan Damashek ](https://lawyer1.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/04/attorney-headshots-jonathan-damashek-thumbnail.jpg)

Jonathan Damashek

Partner

![Associate Noah S.
Reiss](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20130%20130'%3E%3C/svg%3E)
![Associate Noah S. Reiss](https://lawyer1.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/10/noah-reiss-headshot.jpg)

Noah S. Reiss

Associate

![Attorney Neal
Bass](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20130%20130'%3E%3C/svg%3E)
![Attorney Neal Bass](https://lawyer1.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/10/neal-
bass-headshot.jpg)

Neal Bass

Attorney

![Attorney Michael Rudick
](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20130%20130'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![Attorney
Michael Rudick ](https://lawyer1.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/09/attorney-
headshots-michael-rudick-thumbnail.jpg)

Michael Rudick

Attorney

![Attorney Eric
Goldman](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20130%20130'%3E%3C/svg%3E)
![Attorney Eric Goldman](https://lawyer1.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/attorney-bio-thumbnail-goldman.jpg)

Eric Goldman

Attorney

![Of Counsel Andrea V.
Borden](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20130%20130'%3E%3C/svg%3E)
![Of Counsel Andrea V. Borden](https://lawyer1.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/11/HKD_Portait_Andrea-V-Borden-Headshot-sm.jpeg)

Andrea V. Borden

Of Counsel

Watch a short video on what makes our firm unique.

![Watch
Video](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%201364%20607'%3E%3C/svg%3E)
![Watch Video](/wp-content/uploads/2020/03/hp-video-thumb.jpg)

### What Makes Our Firm Unique:

![door
icon](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%2053%2084'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![door
icon](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/homepage-our-doors-are-always-
open-icon.svg)

Our Doors Are Always Open

Our partners came from the largest, most profitable personal injury law firms
in New York, and founded Hecht, Kleeger & Damashek, P.C. to provide clients
with more personal attention. At HKD, you will always have access to your
injury attorney, your questions will be answered, and we will support you
through any challenge that may arise.

![door
icon](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%2096%2096'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![door
icon](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/homepage-were-veteran-trial-
lawyers-icon.svg)

We're Veteran Trial Lawyers

Our injury attorneys' reputation and track record in and out of court make us
formidable adversaries for insurance companies and their lawyers. Our NYC
personal injury lawyers get involved early, advocate for what’s right, and
while most personal injury cases settle, we prepare every case as if a trial
is inevitable.

![door
icon](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20175%20175'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![door
icon](/wp-content/uploads/2020/03/financial-risk-icon.png)

We Remove the Financial Risk

Our personal injury lawyers are dedicated to making sure victims have top-tier
legal representation without the financial strain. We have the resources and
experience to try any case and win, but there are no up-front fees or hidden
costs. And, if you don’t recover compensation, you won’t owe us anything.

![door
icon](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%2075%2091'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![door
icon](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/homepage-we-maximize-your-
recovery-icon.svg)

We Maximize Your Recovery

We realize that you’re facing mounting medical bills and financial
uncertainty. We also know that insurance companies notoriously offer low-ball
settlements to make cases go away. We are well aware of this tactic, and do
whatever it takes to secure the highest possible award.

Learn More About the Firm

Notable Result

### A New York Lawyer for Construction Accidents & Serious Injuries

$9,000,050

NYC Construction Workers Injured on an Exterior Scaffold

![Attorney Jonathan Damashek](https://lawyer1.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/04/attorney-headshots-jonathan-damashek-thumbnail.jpg)

ATTORNEY ON THE CASE

Jonathan Damashek



#### Injury Attorneys for Construction Accidents in NYC

Construction-related accidents, injuries and fatalities in New York City have
increased drastically over the years. You could have done everything right,
but if you or a loved one were seriously injured on a construction site, it is
essential to work with a highly skilled construction accident attorney who
understands New York labor laws and the inner working of the construction
industry.

Hecht, Kleeger & Damashek, P.C. has extensive experience fighting for injury
victims and knows what it takes to get maximum compensation. Let our NYC
personal injury lawyers get what you are rightfully owed.

Our injury attorneys have experience in all types of construction accidents
including:

  * Scaffolding Accidents
  * Fires, Explosions, and Burns
  * Forklift Accidents
  * Crane Accidents
  * Falling Objects
  * Dangerous Machinery
  * Electrocution and Electrical Shock
  * Dangerous Job Sites
  * And More

Learn more about construction accidents

#### Call us today at 212-490-5700 for a free, no-obligation consultation. Or
fill out our online form below.

## These are the Cases We Handle

### Construction Accidents

Construction-related accidents increased drastically over the years, let our
personal injury lawyers get what you are rightfully owed.

### Car Accidents

Injured in a car crash? Don’t accept a low-ball settlement before knowing what
your case is worth.

### Truck Accidents

Large trucking companies will do everything possible to limit or deny
liability. Let us get what you deserve.

### Pedestrian Accidents

People are injured and killed every day on New York’s streets. We can help
hold negligent drivers accountable.

### Premises Liability

From slip and falls to negligent security, if you’re injured we can take
action against negligent property owners.

See All Practice Areas

## A personal injury claim offers you a path towards putting your life back
together.

When you work with Hecht, Kleeger & Damashek, P.C. you can move through the
personal injury claims process with confidence, knowing that everything
possible is being done on your behalf.

We'll Investigate What Happened

Many times, you will know what and who caused your accident. In other cases,
things may not be so clear. Our injury lawyers are not interested in quick
settlements where we shuffle some papers and get you a check. Instead, we
begin every injury case with an exhaustive review.

We will locate key witnesses, obtain statements, take photographs and examine
other evidence. We will determine if a driver was distracted by their phone,
or whether a contractor ignored safety measures to rush a job. Once we know
exactly what happened, we’ll identify the liable parties and pursue claims
against any insurance policy that may apply.

We'll Deal with the Insurance Company

When you’re injured, insurance companies and their representatives will rush
to contact you. They will appear friendly and dedicated to getting you
compensation quickly. However, these companies’ only goal is to pay out as
little as possible and the impact of your injuries may take time to fully
appreciate.

You have the right to postpone speaking with an insurance company until you
have consulted a lawyer or to have an attorney present. Our injury lawyers
handle these communications so you are protected from anything that could
limit what you recover.

We'll Document Everything

People often think they are fine, but injuries from an accident can appear
days or weeks later. Medical care is almost always necessary. We will request
documentation from your medical providers and make sure we have evidence of
all of your losses.

We'll File Your Claim & Negotiate for What's Right

After we compile your various damages, the next step in your personal injury
claim is to notify the liable parties and their insurers. This may involve
making an initial demand for compensation and entering into a process of “back
and forth” with offers and counter-offers until an agreement is reached or a
lawsuit is filed.

Our ability to find evidence and insurance policies that others may overlook
makes our lawyers the ideal candidates to negotiate for the highest possible
result.

## Other Personal Injury Cases We Can Help With:

We also handle a wide variety of other personal injury matters around
Manhattan and across New York. We know the tactics insurance companies use,
and when they learn HKD is on a case, insurers know to treat our clients
fairly.

  * Motorcycle Accidents
  * Bicycle Accidents
  * Bus Accidents
  * E-scooter Accidents
  * Civil Rights
  * Boat Accidents
  * MTA Accidents
  * Dog Bites
  * Train Accidents
  * Nursing Home Abuse
  * Wrongful Death
  * Uber & Lyft Accidents

#### Common Injuries in NYC Personal Injury Claims

  * Eye Injury
  * Whiplash
  * Shoulder Injuries
  * Neck and Back Injuries
  * Broken Bone(s)
  * Knee Injuries
  * Spinal Cord Injury
  * Amputation(s)
  * Head & Brain Injuries
  * Burn Injuries

#### Hear it from our clients:

![Google Reviews](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-logo-
white.png)

09/09/2021

When I spoke to Mr.Noah Reiss he gave me valuable legal advice. Connected the
dots who and why. He is a great asset to this firm. Will call him again as a
friend. Thank you so much.

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

Harendra Gautam

Read More

08/11/2021

Ross Raggio, did an amazing job on my case. The office staff was responsive
and very helpful to my questions and concerns. I had a very good experience. I
highly recommend this firm.

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

patricia Carnevale

Read More

06/22/2021

I had a great lawyer with a great Paralegal that made everything easy to
understand.

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

Deniece Buffaloe

Read More

04/01/2021

I am extremely satisfied and pleased most of all grateful for the services of
Jonathan and his team! It is such a relief to have a strong team supporting
you through a process that’s stressful. Thank you again for everything.

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

thabossladi87

Read More

03/01/2021

Hetch,Kleeger & Damashek, P.C., is the law office I highly recommend. My
attorney Judd Kleeger, accomplished to represent me, support my needs & secure
my future after suffering a traumatic accident. Other lawyers couldn’t
guarantee this to me but Judd…

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

Stephanie Campos

Read More

02/25/2021

I can say without hesitation that if you are injured due to someone else’s
fault, that no one will fight harder and more passionately for you than Jordan
Hecht and Judd Kleeger. I have worked side by side with them…

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

lisa kessler

Read More

02/23/2021

Amazing job, settled my case in 90 days.

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

Jimmy Garson

Read More

02/23/2021

I highly recommend the law firm of Hecht, Kleeger & Damashek - as well as my
attorney, Jordan Hecht. Jordan was able to answer all of my questions and put
me at ease. He was always responsive and patient. He…

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

Emily Weinstein

Read More

02/23/2021

I have referred numerous cases to Judd Kleeger and the team at HKD. I feel
very confident when i refer a client that they will be treated with the
highest regard. Each of my referrals has had very positive experiences…

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

Jason Bauer

Read More

01/29/2021

I was always able to reach my attorney Judd Kleeger with any concern I had
about my case. He responded timely and with the utmost courtesy to my
sometimes desperate phone calls and email. He knew exactly what to do…

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

VIRGINIA BOOTHE GORDON

Read More

01/19/2021

The attorneys at Hecht, Kleeger & Damashek are smart, professional, responsive
and dedicated to achieving the best results for their clients. Most
importantly, they are trustworthy and genuinely good people who you can depend
upon.

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

Richard Leff

Read More

01/18/2021

Judd Kleeger and his team are extremely competent, super professional and have
achieved consistently better results than I or my clients had anticipated. He
is my "go to" PI team. This was my experience over a decade and not just…

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

Larry Schatz

Read More

01/15/2021

I have known Judd Kleeger for over a decade now. By far the smartest hardest
working attorney I have ever dealt with. His advice has been spot on time and
time again. Highly recommend him.

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

Michael nessim

Read More

01/15/2021

I retained Judd Kleeger for a personal injury case. I would, without
hesitation, recommend Judd, and his firm, for anyone who finds themselves in a
situation that demands a tenacious advocate who will not stop fighting until
he gets results.

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

Lisa Dawn Angerame

Read More

01/15/2021

I can't recommend Judd Kleeger enough. He is without a doubt the most
professional lawyer I've encountered. Judd Kleeger is diligent and quick in
his responses, always making sure his clients are in the right hands. I've
never had to…

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

Emily Halperin

Read More

01/14/2021

Judd Kleeger is an exceptional attorney who makes sure to get the best
possible outcome for his client. He is always available, and is knowledgeable,
prepared and dedicated to his clients. He is not afraid to go to trial and…

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

Didi Hutt

Read More

01/14/2021

Mr. Judd Kleeger and his team at Hecht, Kleeger & Damashek are great! They
always provide very thoughtful and caring advice. Mr. Kleeger is extremely
professional and very easy to work with.

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

Alan Levine

Read More

01/06/2021

We quickly had to get legal counsel and we contacted Jordan Hecht. The rapport
and guidance was outstanding at all times, prompt, timely and open for calls
and updates. I can’t thank Jordan enough for his care, work and expertise….

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

Luljeta Chisolm

Read More

12/29/2020

Had a great experience with attorney Ross Raggio. He was professional and
attentive every step of the way - would highly recommend.

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

Carter Martin

Read More

12/28/2020

Mr. Ross Raggio and his team at Hecht, Kleeger & Damashek, P.C., provided
excellent legal services. His team and him were absolutely great, always
returning calls or emails when we had questions about the case. Always very
cordial, caring and…

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

Marisol Pitre

Read More

12/11/2020

My wife and i are very grateful to Mr. Jordan Hecht for his sincere compassion
and legal assistance during one of the most challenging time in our lives. He
was extremely professional and answered all of our concerns. Mr. Hecht…

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

peggy lamarre

Read More

12/10/2020

Very professional and very responsive. I would highly recommend this firm to
anyone in need of an attorney. The attorney Ross Raggio, who was personally
assigned to my case consistently followed through and was able to bring the
case to…

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

Rene David Alkalay

Read More

12/08/2020

Mr. Ross Raggio went above and beyond to settle my case during the height of
the pandemic, a time when my options appeared limited and the likelihood of a
satisfactory resolution seemed slim. He was responsive and professional, and
was…

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

Kjanecaron

Read More

12/07/2020

I was a sole practitioner specializing in personal injury law in NYC for more
than 36 years. When I decided to retire, I had to make several critical
decisions before terminating my practice. To whom should I refer my clients…

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

Martin Munitz

Read More

12/07/2020

Ross was always available and working with my best interests, also very
thorough with any questions I had along the case. Will recommend to others!

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

Dan Greenberg

Read More

12/04/2020

Jordan Hecht of Hecht, Kleeger & Damashek is the best lawyer I've ever worked
with. He is smart, tough, and very professional. I highly recommend the firm
and could not have asked for a better outcome.

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

Ben S

Read More

12/03/2020

The HKD law firm is highly professional, responsive and caring. They were
willing to handle my case when other firms declined. Not only did we win our
case, but received a huge settlement.

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

Linda Winikoff

Read More

12/03/2020

My representation by Jordan Hecht and the whole staff at Hecht, Kleeger and
Damashek was top notch professional and very productive

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

Peter Visconti

Read More

12/02/2020

I have had the pleasure to work alongside Ross Raggio on several matters. He
is an extremely talented attorney with an exceptional understanding of the
law. I would recommend him and HK&D to anyone looking for a personal injury
attorney.

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

Robert Dallas

Read More

12/02/2020

I came to know the firm through my relationship with one of the partners,
Jordan Hecht. Jordan and I became close friends in law school. I have since
referred several cases to Jordan and his firm ranging from a mesothelioma…

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

Jeffrey Jagid

Read More

12/02/2020

From the moment that I contacted this Law firm and got assigned Mr. Ross. They
have been nothing but helpful, Especially Mr. Ross. In the time that Mr. Ross
took my case, it took him 3 months to a get…

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

Kelvin Morel

Read More

10/27/2020

The best

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

Numa Delgado

Read More

01/21/2020

I cannot speak highly enough about this firm. The situation that necessitated
my need for legal representation was very stressful on me and my family and
the lawyers here were with me every step of the way. I could always…

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

David Irwin

Read More

07/05/2015

I retained Hecht, Kleeger & Damashek for a serious personal injury case. They
were very professional and managed to obtain a settlement for me that far
exceeded my expectations. I would strongly recommend this firm for anyone's
legal needs.

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

Peter M.

Read More

07/05/2015

After meeting a half dozen lawyers at different firms, I decided to go to
Hecht, Kleeger and Damashek. As soon as I met Jon Damashek, I knew I had to
look no further. Mr. Damashek made me feel at ease…

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

Michael R.

Read More

07/05/2015

After meeting with Jon Damashek I knew immediately he was the right attorney
for me. I had met with other attorneys in the past, but Jon's experience,
knowledge, and track record were most impressive. I highly recommend Jon
Damashek and…

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

Ryan G.

Read More

07/05/2015

I know all three named partners at this firm and highly recommend them. They
are very professional and tireless advocates for their clients. If you need a
personal injury attorney, you cannot do better than Hecht, Kleeger & Damashek.

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

Eric G.

Read More

07/05/2015

I have worked with countless attorneys over the years and Jon Damashek stands
out among them. I have seen first hand him advocate for his clients
vigorously. He fights for the rights of the seriously injured, does not back
down…

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

Wendy B.

Read More

07/05/2015

I had the opportunity to work with Jon Damashek and had an amazing experience.
I have known Jon for many years and always felt very comfortable relying on
his expertise and knowledge of the law and more importantly his ability…

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

Steven B.

Read More

07/05/2015

I cannot recommend Jon Damashek highly enough. I attribute the favorable
outcome to my case to his consummate and tireless dedication and tenacity.
Just as important, he was truly there with me every step of the way. He was
very…

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

Mike W.

Read More

06/05/2019

I had the opportunity of having this amazing team of lawyers work on my case.
When I first met with Jordan Hecht and Michael Kusz, I really liked their
energy and the spunk that they had, it meant business and…

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

Anonymous

Read More

05/01/2015

"I had the opportunity to work with Jon Damashek and had an amazing
experience. I have known Jon for many years and always felt very comfortable
relying on his expertise, knowledge of the law, and more importantly - his
ability…

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

Steven

Read More

05/01/2015

"I cannot recommend Jon Damashek highly enough. I attribute the favorable
outcome of my case to his consummate and tireless dedication and tenacity.
Just as important, he was truly there with me every step of the way. He was
very…

![5 Stars
Review](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20101%2017'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![5
Stars Review](/wp-content/themes/hkd-2019/assets/img/google-reviews-5-stars-
graphic.png) 5

Mike

Read More

Average 5 out of 5 rating based on 43 Reviews

HKD Client

Our Awards



Super  
Lawyers



Super lawyers identifies outstanding attorneys in various practice areas based
on independent research, peer nominations, and peer evaluations.



New York County Bar Association



One of the largest, most influential bar associations in the country with
NYCLA members pioneering some of the most far-reaching legal reforms in
America.



New York City Bar Association



The best lawyers in NYC, the City Bar’s mission is to equip and mobilize legal
professionals to practice with excellence, promote reform, and uphold the rule
of law.



New York State Bar Association



The largest voluntary state bar organization in America with the goals of
facilitating access to justice and elevating professional standards.



Center for Justice Democracy



The CJ&D; is a non-profit, non-partisan consumer rights organization dedicated
to educating the public about the U.S. civil justice system and fighting tort
reform.



Multi-Million Dollar Advocates Forum



Reserved for the top trial lawyers, membership is limited to those with multi-
million dollar verdicts and settlements. Fewer than 1% of lawyers are members.



American Association for Justice



The AAJ is a nonprofit advocacy and lobbying organization for plaintiff's
lawyers in the U.S. with the mission to "promote a fair and effective justice
system."

Our Process

## Our process is designed to get you the highest possible payout for your
injuries.



#### Every accident is different. The details of your accident, your injuries,
and how those injuries impact your life all play a role in the amount of
compensation you can recover. If we take a case, you can rest assured that
we’re following a proven process to get you the money and justice that you
deserve.

  * Step 01
  * Step 02
  * Step 03
  * Step 04

## Investigate the Accident

We’re interested in a fair settlement - not a quick pay out. And we know that
it takes putting our nose to the grindstone to get you what your case is worth
down to the penny.

Our injury attorneys work without rest until all the evidence has been
uncovered and all witnesses have been interviewed. Once we’ve exhausted every
detail of the accident to determine where the fault lies, we go after the
claims against any insurance policy that applies.

## Deal with the Insurance Company

The insurance company’s goal is to pay you the least amount of money possible,
and they work very hard to convince you it’s all you’re going to get - but we
work harder. We’ve done this long enough and can see right through their
friendly, and often times convincing methods.

They don’t have all the facts about your case so why should they be the ones
telling you how much your case is worth? Our NYC injury attorneys will take it
from here and make it clear to them that we’re not going down without a fight.

## Get You Compensation for Your Injuries

In order to get the most money out of your personal injury case, we’ll need
evidence. And in our experience, more evidence means more money for you. We’ll
get in touch with your doctors, dentist, your boss - anyone who has
documentation that supports you in your accident and the damage it’s caused in
your life.

We’ll then put a dollar amount on each of the damages, add up the total, and
fight for every penny until the end.

## File the Personal Injury Claim & Negotiate

Good negotiation can mean the difference between a 6 and 7-figure payout, and
our negotiation skills are what define us as personal injury lawyers. We have
the rare ability to uncover certain details that others often overlook, and
are willing to go back and forth at the negotiating table for as long as it
takes to get you what your case is worth.

At this point in the personal injury process, we know your case and we know it
well. We didn’t come this far to throw in the towel - and we have the results
to prove it.

## What if My Personal Injury Case Goes to Trial?

#### Most injury cases in NYC settle before going to trial, but that doesn’t
mean we aren’t willing to go to battle in the courtroom.

Learn More About Trials and Lawsuits

## New York City Personal Injury Claims Process

While most injury claims settle out of court, sometimes the parties do not
agree or the circumstances require a lawsuit from the beginning. This is
usually to preserve critical evidence or to seek justice for the harm done to
you.

Regardless of your injury or situation, by understanding the New York personal
injury trial process you can make well-informed decisions and increase your
chances of success in a personal injury lawsuit.

Step One: Filing the Complaint

Lawsuits are initiated by filing a Summons and Complaint for damages. This is
a carefully written document that articulates your legal claims as the
plaintiff, identifies the alleged at-fault parties as the defendants, and
details different types of compensation we are seeking to recover.

Step Two: The Discovery Phase

After the complaint is filed with the court and the other party has a chance
to respond, the matter will enter the fact-finding stage. This accounts for
the majority of the personal injury lawsuit timeline.

During discovery, both sides will exchange pertinent information, documents,
and reports to gather any evidence that solidifies their position regarding
liability. This also often requires the taking of depositions, which involves
testifying under oath regarding the facts of the case.

Step Three: Motions & Pre-Litigation

This is where procedural issues and matters of personal injury law will be
established prior to trial. Both sides will set the parameters of what
evidence will be admitted and which witnesses will testify.

Step Four: Litigation & Trial

If a resolution is not reached, both the plaintiff and defendants’ respective
legal counsel will present their arguments to the court. This means putting
the contested issues of fact and liability to be decided by a judge or jury.

Step Five: Verdict

Once both sides present their cases, the judge or jury in your lawsuit will
make a determination about liability and how much compensation to award.

Our injury attorneys prepare every case as if it will proceed to trial. This
strengthens our position to negotiate and puts insurers on notice that they
cannot simply make your case go away.

## Shared Fault & Comparative Negligence in New York Injury Cases

In some personal injury cases, the alleged at-fault parties may claim that you
share all or a portion of the blame for the incident that caused your
injuries. This is a common approach to reduce what large insurance companies
pay out as compensation. If they can establish that you share some level of
responsibility, it can affect the total amount you can receive.

New York follows a “pure comparative negligence" rule, which means the
compensation you are entitled to will be reduced by your degree of fault. If
you suffered $1,000,000 in damages, but the court determines you were 10% at
fault, you can still recover compensation, but only up to $900,000 or 90 % of
the total.

###  Contact HKD About Your NYC Injury Claim

At HKD, we know that your degree of fault is open to interpretation, what
tactics insurance companies use to reduce or deny liability, and what it will
take to ensure you get fair and full compensation. If an insurance adjuster is
pressuring you to accept their first offer or you have questions about how to
properly handle an injury claim, do not agree to anything before speaking to a
personal injury attorney.

For a free, no-obligation consultation, call 212-490-5700 today. We are
available 24 hours a day, seven days a week.

## Frequently Asked Questions

Our New York City personal injury lawyers are commonly asked:

##### Q. When Should I Contact an NYC Injury Lawyer?

ANSWER

Everyone deserves to know their rights, and the chance to make informed
decisions about pursuing compensation. If you were in an accident and suffered
injuries as a result, it is best to consult a knowledgeable local personal
injury lawyer as soon as possible. Our law firm offers free initial
consultations.

##### Q. How Much is My Personal Injury Claim Worth?

ANSWER

Personal injury claims are as unique as the people involved. However, there
are certain key elements to consider when determining the value of a personal
injury case. An experienced injury attorney can help evaluate how an accident
impacted you, calculate all the losses you incurred, and how to recover
maximum compensation.

##### Q. How Long Do I Have to File a Personal Injury Lawsuit in New York?

ANSWER

The New York statute of limitations provides victims three years from the date
of an injury to file a personal injury lawsuit. There are some exceptions.
While three years may seem sufficient, you should contact an injury attorney
for legal advice. Cases against municipalities and the State have much shorter
statutes of limitations. You also must file a Notice of Claim within 90 days
of the accident

##### Q. What Does a Personal Injury Lawsuit Cost?

ANSWER

Our personal injury attorneys work on a contingency basis. This means we
receive a standard percentage of what we recover on your behalf. You are not
responsible for any up-front costs, and we assume all the risk. If you do not
recover compensation, you won’t owe us anything.

## Personal Injury Lawyers Near You - Areas We Serve

Our personal injury law office is conveniently located in Midtown Manhattan on
44th Street between 5th Avenue and 6th Avenue, just a few blocks north of the
New York Public Library Stephen A. Schwarzman Building. Our injury attorneys
also provide legal representation to accident victims in the Bronx, Brooklyn,
Manhattan, Queens, Staten Island, Nassau, Suffolk, Westchester, and Rockland.

To make things as easy on you as possible, we can meet wherever you are most
comfortable – at our law office, at your home, or at the hospital.

Learn More

  * Bronx 
  * Queens 
  * Brooklyn 
  * Manhattan 
  * Staten Island 

About the Firm

## Contact us today for a free case review.

P 212-490-5700

  * Free Case Review
  * No Up-front Costs
  * Pay Nothing Unless You Recover
  * Secure the Highest Possible Award

"*" indicates required fields

First Name*

Last Name*

Phone Number*

Email Address*

Tell Us About Your Case

Phone

This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

Δ

![Logo](/wp-content/uploads/2019/09/header-img-2x.png)

Phone: 212-490-5700

Email: info@lawyer1.com

  * __
  * __
  * __

Hecht, Kleeger & Damashek, P.C.

19 West 44th Street, Suite 1500 New York, New York 10036-0120

Directions

NAVIGATION

  * About Us
  * Practice Areas
  * Legal Blog
  * Personal Injury Laws
  * Areas Served
  * Contact
  * Sitemap

ABOUT THE FIRM

With decades of experience and hundreds of millions of dollars recovered, if
you or a loved one is suffering, Hecht, Kleeger & Damashek, P.C. is ready to
help. We can meet by appointment at our New York office, at home, or in the
hospital. An attorney at our firm is available to assist you 24 hours a day,
and seven days a week.

(C) 2024 Hecht Kleeger & Damashek, P.C. - All Rights Reserved | This website
contains Attorney Advertising. Prior results do not guarantee a similar
outcome.  Disclaimer

