Skip to content

![TADLER
LAW](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20500%20133'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![TADLER
LAW](https://www.tadlerlaw.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/tadler-law-
logo-2x.png)

__

  * Home
  * Us
  * You
  * Practice Areas
    * Litigation
    * Business Disputes
    * Class Actions
    * Employment Matters
    * eDiscovery
  * Team
    * Ariana J. Tadler
    * A.J. De Bartolomeo
    * Lisa A. Frey
    * Tony Kim
    * Alison Friedman
  * Learn
  * News
  * Keynotes
  * Engage

  * Home
  * Us
  * You
  * Practice Areas
    * Litigation
    * Business Disputes
    * Class Actions
    * Employment Matters
    * eDiscovery
  * Team
    * Ariana J. Tadler
    * A.J. De Bartolomeo
    * Lisa A. Frey
    * Tony Kim
    * Alison Friedman
  * Learn
  * News
  * Keynotes
  * Engage

# Team

## THE PEOPLE BEHIND THE SUITS

Founded in June of 2019, the dynamic duo of Ariana J. Tadler and A.J. de
Bartolomeo jointly built Tadler Law from the ground up via a unified blend of
vision, determination and talent with two goals in mind – to redefine what it
means to be a boutique law firm, and to empower women in the process of doing
so.

With 5+ years under their fashionable belts, Tadler Law is savvy enough to
know that it’s the people, not the suits they don, that make matters happen.
Fueled by common threads of genuine empathy, grit and unbound energy, the
Tadler Team continues to keep people and their personalities at the forefront
of every client they represent – a powerful blend of “we care” + “we got this”
that continues to win cases.

#### ARIANA J. TADLER - FOUNDER & MANAGING PARTNER

Ariana J. Tadler is the founding partner of Tadler Law LLP, a  
WBENC-certified, women-owned boutique law firm that offers an array of  
litigation and legal counseling services. With 30 years’ experience advocating  
for consumers and investors against corporate fraud and abuse while litigating  
and managing securities, consumer and data breach class actions, and complex  
litigation, Ariana is one of the leading women litigators in the country.  
Described by Chambers USA as one who “passionately defends her clients’  
interests to the greatest extent possible,” Ariana litigates large, complex,  
high-profile cases. She is sought after for her unique legal and technological  
acumen and case management skills.

Meet Ariana >

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20683%201024'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://www.tadlerlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/04/Ariana-e1682017897258-683x1024.png)

#### A.J. DE BARTOLOMEO - SHAREHOLDER, PARTNER

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20749%201124'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://www.tadlerlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/04/AJ-768x1152.jpg)

A.J. de Bartolomeo has been named among the highest class of attorneys for
professional ethics and legal skills, with nearly thirty years of experience
prosecuting class actions, complex and collective matters in courts throughout
the country.

A.J. de BARTOLOMEO is a shareholder of Tadler Law LLP, with thirty years of
experience prosecuting class actions, complex and collective matters in courts
throughout the country. Ms. de Bartolomeo has earned a national reputation as
a zealous and passionate advocate, “[S]he is not only extremely intelligent
but is tireless in her representation of her clients and no one cares more
about doing a great job for her clients than A.J.”

Meet A.J. >

#### TONY KIM - ASSOCIATE

Tony K. Kim is an Associate with Tadler Law LLP. Prior to joining Tadler Law,
Tony served as an Assistant District Attorney for the Kings County District
Attorney’s Office since 2019. Tony quickly rose up the ranks in a Trial
Bureau, starting his career as a misdemeanor prosecutor and ultimately serving
as a felony prosecutor. As a Brooklyn prosecutor, he investigated and
prosecuted hundreds of misdemeanor and felony criminal cases, including cases
involving attempted murder, possession of firearms, robberies, and burglaries.
In preparation for grand jury presentations, Tony enhanced investigations by
reviewing and obtaining additional evidence, and interviewing civilians and
members of law enforcement.

He presented numerous cases before the grand jury where he direct examined
witnesses and cross-examined defendants. Tony served as a co-chair on an
attempted murder case which involved the prosecution and preparation for
trial. He also conducted several evidentiary suppression hearings on cases
involving possession of firearms.

Meet Tony >

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20683%201024'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://www.tadlerlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/08/Tony-Kim-683x1024.png)

#### LISA A. FREY - OF COUNSEL

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20683%201024'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://www.tadlerlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/08/Lisa-A-Frey-683x1024.png)

Lisa A. Frey is of counsel to Tadler Law, LLP, with 40 years of commercial
litigation practice. Ms. Frey has been lead trial counsel in three commercial
cases (New York, New Jersey, and AIA Arbitration), second chair in six federal
court trials (four jury, two bench), second chair in seven state court trials
(3 jury, 4 bench), second chair in an AIA arbitration against a billion-dollar
public company. She has argued many motions in federal and state court, has
authored appellate briefs on state and federal levels, and has argued before
appellate judges in the First and Second Departments.

Ms. Frey’s practice involves large commercial disputes (statutory, contract,
and common law) and employment disputes for C-Suite plaintiffs. She is General
Counsel to a number of medical device start-ups.

Ms. Frey obtained a degree cum laude in philosophy and English from Tufts
University, and a J.D. from Rutgers, The State University of Law at Newark,
New Jersey. Ms. Frey also completed core curriculum at the Stern School of
Business at New York University. She speaks proficient French.

Meet Lisa >

#### MELONIE PENRHYN - SENIOR PARALEGAL

Melonie has over 15 years of experience working on complex class actions and
commercial litigation, including securities fraud, antitrust violations,
health care fraud, and whistleblower matters. Earlier in her career, she also
spent many years assisting with all stages of litigation on aviation,
maritime, and family law matters.

Melonie has worked on some of the most recognizable cases such as the
litigation and compensation issues from the September 11, 2001 attacks, the
Bernard L. Madoff Ponzi scheme cases, and federal securities class action
cases against AIG, Goldman Sachs, Bear Stearns, Facebook and Fannie Mae.
Melonie also has been intimately involved in recommending and implementing
technology at her firms, including E-Discovery software and court document
retrieval programs. She is a welcome addition to our team.

Meet Melonie >

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20683%201024'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://www.tadlerlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/08/Melonie-Penrhyn-683x1024.png)

#### ALISON FRIEDMAN - EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20282%20285'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://www.tadlerlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/08/Alison.png)

Alison Friedman is a highly accomplished Executive Assistant and NYU graduate.
With a strong entrepreneurial background, she brings a unique blend of
business acumen and organizational prowess to her role.

#### **KATHERINE INGERSOL - JUNIOR PARALEGAL & LITIGATION ASSISTANT**

Katherine joins the Tadler Law Team as a Junior Paralegal and Litigation
Assistant. Her background in psychology and social work uniquely qualifies her
to analyze and synthesize information in support of our clients’ cases.
Katherine loves problem-solving and no one does it better.

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20398%20425'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://www.tadlerlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/08/katherine.png)

#### ENGAGE

We’re ready to listen. Feel free to contact us at 212.946.9300,
contact@tadlerlaw.com or via the quick form below to engage with a member of
our professional team regarding your potential legal needs.

## Engage Form

Name(Required)

First Last

Organization Name(Required)

Title(Required)

Email(Required)

Phone(Required)

Contact me regarding:(Required)

Litigation

Business Law

Class Action Law

Employment Law

eDiscovery

Keynotes / Speaking Engagements

Select All

Comments

Consent(Required)

I agree to the privacy policy.

By checking this box, you acknowledge that this website is not intended to
create an attorney-client relationship between you and Tadler Law LLP, and
that the submission or receipt of information to the Firm or one of its
attorneys via web form, e-mail or telephone does not create an attorney-client
relationship. Please do not send confidential or sensitive information and/or
documents to anyone at the Firm until a formal attorney-client relationship
has been established.  
  
By checking this box, you acknowledge that you have read our privacy notice
and understand what personal information Tadler Law LLP may collect about you
and how this information may be used. You also understand that any information
you provide through this website will be stored in the United States.  
  
Please note that, should you wish to submit personal data protected under
European data protection law (other than for purposes of responding to your
inquiry), you should contact us prior to submitting such data.  

Δ

Privacy Policy | Legal Notice | Attorney Advertising | 22 Bayview Ave, Suite
200, Manhasset, NY 11030 | Email | 212.946.9300 | Linkedln

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20128%2050'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://www.tadlerlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/08/Chambers.png)![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20162%2050'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://www.tadlerlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/08/Best.Lawyers.png)![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%2088%2050'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://www.tadlerlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/09/WBENC_Logo1-300x170.png)![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%2062%2050'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](https://www.tadlerlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/09/WOL_LOGO-300x241.png)

  * Home
  * Us
  * You
  * Practice Areas
    * Litigation
    * Business Disputes
    * Class Actions
    * Employment Matters
    * eDiscovery
  * Team
    * Ariana Tadler
    * A.J. De Bartolomeo
    * Tony Kim
    * Lisa A. Frey
    * Melonie Penrhyn
    * Alison Friedman
    * Katherine Ingersoll
  * Learn
  * News
  * Keynotes
  * Engage

