  * Home
  * Attorneys
  * Contact Us

  * Home
  * Attorneys
  * Contact US

  * ##  Commercial Real Estate Lawyers

Barnes Evans & Lohse LLC, a boutique law firm with national and local
practices, specializes in representing end users, developers and institutional
clients in connection with their commercial real estate needs.

The firm has offices in Maryland and Illinois.

  * ##  Leasing

The firm has vast leasing experience with office, distribution, industrial,
manufacturing, retail and telecom projects, representing both landlords and
tenants.

The firm’s attorneys have represented clients in almost every type of lease
transaction, from small office and retail leases to build-to-suit
manufacturing and distribution hubs, and everything in between. For over 10
years, the firm’s attorneys have been representing one of the nation’s largest
wireless carriers with its network leasing throughout the Mid-Atlantic region.

  * ##  Development & Economic Incentives

Since the mid 2000’s, the firm’s attorneys have overseen all of the new
development and expansions for one of the nation’s largest foodservice
distributors, including its distribution facilities, headquarters and support
offices, and involving over $75 million of economic incentives for these
projects.

The firm is also currently representing one of the country’s largest craft
brewers in the development of its east coast brewery, together with the
related build-to-suit lease and State and Local economic incentives.

  * ##  Acquisitions & Dispositions

The firm’s attorneys have been representing buyers and sellers of commercial
real estate their entire careers, including institutional investors, joint
ventures, developers and end users, with projects involving raw land, office,
distribution, manufacturing, service stations, assisted-living, multi-family
and hospitality projects.

  * ##  Financing

The firm’s attorneys have represented borrowers in connection with development
and acquisition financing, and have also represented large loan servicers in
connection with restructures and work-outs of commercial loans, including, a
portfolio of 60+ loan restructurings related to the bankruptcy of a master
tenant and TIC sponsor that affected securitized loans secured by commercial
property located in over 20 states, and successful restructurings or work-outs
for more than 30 commercial loans each valued at between $1 million and $10
million.

  * ##  Commercial Real Estate Lawyers

Barnes Evans & Lohse LLC, a boutique law firm with national and local
practices, specializes in representing end users, developers and institutional
clients in connection with their commercial real estate needs.

The firm has offices in Maryland and Illinois.

The firm's attorneys have extensive experience in representing clients on
their office, distribution, manufacturing, retail, telecom, multi-family and
hospitality projects.

### About Us

Barnes Evans & Lohse LLC, a boutique law firm with national and local
practices, specializes in representing end users, developers and institutional
clients in connection with their commercial real estate needs. The partners at
Barnes Evans & Lohse founded the firm based on the principle that they could
provide their clients with the quality of representation to be expected from
the _big_ firms, but with a rate structure and the personal touch offered by a
boutique firm.

Jeff, Ted and Jay are all former colleagues from Venable LLP (an AmLaw 100
firm based in Washington, DC), with 45+ years of collective experience among
them counseling clients on their office, distribution, manufacturing,
industrial, urban redevelopment, healthcare, retail, telecomm, multi-family
and hospitality projects.

The lawyers at Barnes Evans & Lohse LLC represent a diverse group of clients
with various levels of experience in the acquisition, disposition, leasing,
development, joint venture and financing of real estate throughout the United
States. The firm represents a wide range of clients, including the wireless
communications division of a Fortune 50 company, a real estate investment
company with approximately $1.3 billion in assets under management, the re-
developer of 3,000+ acre former steel manufacturing facility, the largest
healthcare provider in the Washington, D.C. region, one of the Mid–Atlantic’s
largest owners and operators of service stations, the developer of one of
Maryland’s largest planned townhome communities and one of the nation’s
largest craft brewers. The firm’s lawyers also represent several local and
regional developers, investors and small businesses.

## Areas of Practice

  * Leasing
  * Development
  * Acquisitions
  * Dispositions
  * Economic Incentives
  * Financing
  * Joint Ventures
  * Property Management

Copyright 2015. All Rights Reserved.

﻿

### Footer Menu

  * Home
  * Attorneys
  * Contact US

**Barnes Evans & Lohse LLC**Attorneys at Law  

IL Office : (630) 549-0032MD Office : (410) 337-9876

