Skip to content

![logo](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/logo.png)

Personal Injury, Wrongful Death and Medical Malpractice Attorneys

__

###  212.751.8000

  * Home
  * About DM
  * PRACTICE AREA
    * Best Medical Malpractice Lawyers NYC
      * Radiology Errors/Failures
      * Hospital Negligence
        * Emergency Room Errors
        * EMT/Paramedic Malpractice
        * Jacobi Medical Center
        * Forest Hills Hospital
        * Medical Malpractice at Harlem Hospital
      * Nursing Home Injuries and Abuse
        * Bedsores
        * Unexpected Falls
      * Anesthesia Injuries
        * Spinal Anesthesia Errors and Allergic Reactions to Local Anesthetic
      * Medication Errors
        * Wrong Medication Dosage
      * Birth Injuries
        * Cerebral Palsy
        * Shoulder Dystocia and Erb’s Palsy
        * Obstetric Negligence
        * Labor Delivery Negligence/Improper Use of Forceps
        * Failure to Perform C-Section
        * Failure to Recognize Fetal Distress
      * Failure to Diagnose
        * Delayed Diagnosis of Cancer
        * Delayed Diagnosis of Breast Cancer
        * Failure to Diagnose Ovarian Cancer
        * Failure to Diagnose Bowel Obstruction
        * Failure to Properly Read X-Rays or Mammograms
        * Appendicitis Misdiagnosis
        * Gynecological Errors
      * Surgical Mistakes
        * Wrong Site Surgery
        * Anesthesia Errors
        * Unnecessary Surgery
      * Surgical Errors
        * Organ Puncture or Perforation
        * Bowel Perforation
        * Spinal Cord Injuries in Surgery
    * Best Personal Injury Lawyers NYC
      * The McDonald’s Hot Cup of Coffee Case
    * Construction Accidents
      * New York Falls From Ladders
      * New York Falling Objects
      * New York Scaffold Accidents
      * Workplace Injuries
    * Product Liability
      * Toxic Torts
      * Mass Torts
    * Premises Liability
      * Injured on Public Property
      * NYC Subway Platform Injuries
      * Trip and Falls due to Broken Sidewalks
      * Inadequate Security
    * Car Accident Lawyers NYC
      * New York Public Transportation Accidents
      * Commercial Trucking Accidents
      * Car Accidents
      * Truck Accidents
      * Motorcycle Accidents
      * Pedestrian Accidents
      * Delivery Bike Accidents
      * Drunk Driving Accidents
      * Fire Truck/Police/Ambulance Accidents
      * Sanitation Worker Injuries
    * Aviation Accidents
    * Maritime and Admiralty Injuries
    * Trial Counsel
  * Attorneys
    * Jay W. Dankner
    * Edward P. Milstein
  * Results
  * Blog
  * Testimonials
  * Contact Us

____ Menu

  * Home
  * About DM
  * PRACTICE AREA
    * Best Medical Malpractice Lawyers NYC
      * Radiology Errors/Failures
      * Hospital Negligence
        * Emergency Room Errors
        * EMT/Paramedic Malpractice
        * Jacobi Medical Center
        * Forest Hills Hospital
        * Medical Malpractice at Harlem Hospital
      * Nursing Home Injuries and Abuse
        * Bedsores
        * Unexpected Falls
      * Anesthesia Injuries
        * Spinal Anesthesia Errors and Allergic Reactions to Local Anesthetic
      * Medication Errors
        * Wrong Medication Dosage
      * Birth Injuries
        * Cerebral Palsy
        * Shoulder Dystocia and Erb’s Palsy
        * Obstetric Negligence
        * Labor Delivery Negligence/Improper Use of Forceps
        * Failure to Perform C-Section
        * Failure to Recognize Fetal Distress
      * Failure to Diagnose
        * Delayed Diagnosis of Cancer
        * Delayed Diagnosis of Breast Cancer
        * Failure to Diagnose Ovarian Cancer
        * Failure to Diagnose Bowel Obstruction
        * Failure to Properly Read X-Rays or Mammograms
        * Appendicitis Misdiagnosis
        * Gynecological Errors
      * Surgical Mistakes
        * Wrong Site Surgery
        * Anesthesia Errors
        * Unnecessary Surgery
      * Surgical Errors
        * Organ Puncture or Perforation
        * Bowel Perforation
        * Spinal Cord Injuries in Surgery
    * Best Personal Injury Lawyers NYC
      * The McDonald’s Hot Cup of Coffee Case
    * Construction Accidents
      * New York Falls From Ladders
      * New York Falling Objects
      * New York Scaffold Accidents
      * Workplace Injuries
    * Product Liability
      * Toxic Torts
      * Mass Torts
    * Premises Liability
      * Injured on Public Property
      * NYC Subway Platform Injuries
      * Trip and Falls due to Broken Sidewalks
      * Inadequate Security
    * Car Accident Lawyers NYC
      * New York Public Transportation Accidents
      * Commercial Trucking Accidents
      * Car Accidents
      * Truck Accidents
      * Motorcycle Accidents
      * Pedestrian Accidents
      * Delivery Bike Accidents
      * Drunk Driving Accidents
      * Fire Truck/Police/Ambulance Accidents
      * Sanitation Worker Injuries
    * Aviation Accidents
    * Maritime and Admiralty Injuries
    * Trial Counsel
  * Attorneys
    * Jay W. Dankner
    * Edward P. Milstein
  * Results
  * Blog
  * Testimonials
  * Contact Us

## Practice

## Area

## Our Practice Areas

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor
incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis
nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.
Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore
eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt
in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

## Best Medical Malpractice Lawyers NYC

We all make mistakes. When you make a mistake in your job or in some other
part of your life, you have the chance to correct your mistake or make amends
in some fashion. Doctors do not enjoy that luxury. When doctors make mistakes,
the results can be tragic. If you’ve sustained injury, our best lawyers can
help you determine if a doctor has been at fault. For instance, when
obstetricians make errors in the labor and delivery process, infants can
suffer life-altering disabilities.

Learn More

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/ct-scan.png)

### Radiology  
Errors/Failures

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/hospital.png)

### Hospital  
Negligence

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/emergency.png)

### Emergency Room  
Errors

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/paramedic.png)

### EMT/Paramedic  
Malpractice

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/community-
center.png)

### Jacobi Medical  
Center

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/tent.png)

### Forest Hills  
Hospital

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/hospital-1.png)

### Medical Malpractice at Harlem Hospital

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/nursing-
home.png)

### Nursing Home Injuries and Abuse

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/hospital-
bed.png)

### Bedsores

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/decrease.png)

### Unexpected Falls

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/vaccine.png)

### Anesthesia  
Injuries

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/spinal.png)

### Spinal Anesthesia Errors

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/diagnosis.png)

### Medication  
Errors

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/wrong.png)

### Wrong Medication Dosage

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/healthcare.png)

### Birth Injuries

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/wheelchair.png)

### Cerebral  
Palsy

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/shoulder.png)

### Shoulder Dystocia and Erb’s Palsy

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/08/obstetrical.png)

### Obstetric Negligence

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/baby.png)

### Labor Delivery Negligence

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/c-section.png)

### Failure to Perform C-Section

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/ultrasound.png)

### Failure to Recognize Fetal Distress

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/medical-
checkup.png)

### Failure to Diagnose

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/cancer-
ribbon.png)

### Delayed Diagnosis of Cancer

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/breast-
cancer.png)

### Delayed Diagnosis of Breast Cancer

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/ovarian-
cancer.png)

### Failure to Diagnose Ovarian Cancer

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/ovarian-1.png)

### Failure to Diagnose Ovaria Failure to Diagnose Bowel Obstructionn Cancer

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/x-ray.png)

### Failure to Properly Read X-Rays or Mammograms

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/appendix.png)

### Appendicitis Misdiagnosis

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/pelvic-
exam.png)

### Gynecological Errors

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/scalpel.png)

### Surgical Mistakes

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/surgery.png)

### Wrong Site Surgery

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/time.png)

### Anesthesia Errors

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/surgery-
room.png)

### Unnecessary Surgery

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/surgical-
area.png)

### Surgical Errors

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/organs-1.png)

### Organ Puncture or Perforation

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/bowels.png)

### Bowel Perforation

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/spinal-
cord.png)

### Spinal Cord Injuries in Surgery

## Best Personal Injury Lawyers NYC

Accident Attorneys Representing Injured People Across the New York Area A
serious personal injury will change your life and your family’s life in many
unexpected ways. The medical costs associated with an accident can be
enormous. If your injuries keep you from working, it can be difficult to
support yourself and your family. After a serious injury, it is crucial to
work with an experienced lawyer. The lawyer you choose to represent you can
make a world of difference in how your case is resolved.

Learn More

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/platter.png)

### The McDonald’s Hot Cup of Coffee Case

## Construction Accidents

Workplace Injury Attorneys Taking On a Broad Range of Injury Claims
Construction accidents are all too common. Even when construction workers take
all available precautions, construction work is dangerous. These injuries are
devastating, both to an injured worker and to his or her family. If you have
been injured in a construction accident, it may be a long time until you can
work again. In fact, you may never be able to perform the same work you did
prior to your accident.

Learn More

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/man.png)

### New York Falls From Ladders

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/danger.png)

### New York Falling Objects

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/healthy-
care.png)

### New York Scaffold Accidents

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/patient.png)

### Workplace Injuries

## Product Liability

Defective Product Injury Attorneys Providing Exceptional Representation in New
YorkThe corporations that produce products are responsible for making sure
that these products are safely manufactured and designed. Defects in the
manufacture or design of a product can cause serious injury or death. People
can also suffer injury or death when products do not provide users with
adequate warning of potential hazards. In the aftermath of an accident caused
by a defective product, you need to have an experienced law firm on your side.
Dankner Milstein, P.C., has achieved success in a broad range of personal
injury and defective product liability claims, including mass torts and toxic
torts.

Learn More

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/accident.png)

### Toxic Torts

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/group-8.png)

### Mass Torts

## Premises Liability

Slip-and-Fall Attorneys Representing People With Severe Injuries Property
owners are required to make certain that their property is free of hazards.
When hazards exist, the owners of the property, or those responsible for
managing the property, must take appropriate action to remove these hazards or
warn others of the hazard. When property owners fail in this duty, visitors or
guests on the property can be severely harmed.If you or someone you love was
injured on someone else’s property, you may have the right to bring a premises
liability lawsuit for your medical expenses, lost income and pain and
suffering. It is critical to have skilled legal counsel on your side.

Learn More

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/patient-1.png)

### Injured on Public Property

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/sidewalk.png)

### NYC Subway Platform Injuries

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/train-
station.png)

### Trip and Falls due to Broken Sidewalks

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/security-
breach.png)

### Inadequate Security

## Car Accident Lawyers NYC

Car accident Attorneys NYC – Serving Clients in New York, New Jersey and
Beyond New York City and the surrounding area is the most densely populated
region in America. Despite the many different modes of public transportation,
traffic in the five boroughs and beyond is challenging on a good day, and
nightmarish on a bad one. In this environment, we expect other drivers to get
into accidents. Unfortunately, when a car accident happens to you or a loved
one, it is a different matter entirely. A serious car or truck accident can
impact every part of your life. Your injuries, in addition to being painful,
may require lengthy rehabilitation. In the worst cases, your injuries will
cause lifelong limitations or disability. During the recovery process, you may
not be able to work.

Learn More

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/fender-
bender.png)

### New York Public Transportation Accidents

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/car-
accident.png)

### Commercial Trucking Accidents

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/bump.png)

### Car Accidents

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/truck.png)

### Truck Accidents

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/collision.png)

### Motorcycle Accidents

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/pedestrian.png)

### Pedestrian Accidents

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/accident-2.png)

### Delivery Bike Accidents

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/no-alcohol.png)

### Drunk Driving Accidents

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/police-car.png)

### Fire Truck/Police/Ambulance Accidents

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/sanitizer.png)

### Sanitation Worker Injuries

## Aviation Accidents

American Airlines Flight 587 On Nov. 12, 2001, American Airlines flight 587
crashed shortly after take-off from New York’s John F. Kennedy (JFK) Airport.
The Airbus A300, en route to Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic, struck a
residential neighborhood in Belle Harbor, Queens, killing all onboard as well
as several people on the ground.The personal injury lawyers at Dankner
Milstein, P.C., successfully represented several families that lost relatives
in this tragic accident and brought claims against both American Airlines and
Airbus, the aircraft’s manufacturer. Our attorneys were present at the
National Transportation Safety Board hearings in Washington, D.C., and
traveled to the Dominican Republic to ensure that all of our clients’ needs
were met.

Learn More

## Maritime and Admiralty Injuries

Maritime personal injury law covers injuries to workers aboard ships, barges,
tugs and most other seagoing vessels as well as crewmen, longshoremen and
boaters. It also includes passengers aboard pleasure craft, ferries and cruise
ships.

Maritime law, sometimes referred to as admiralty law, is unique because it
often requires the application of uniform federal maritime law rather than the
laws of the state where the incident occurred. Moreover, many cruise ship
passenger tickets have shortened time periods for you to bring a claim,
require a written notice of claim in advance and preselect the court in which
you must bring the claim.

Learn More

## Trial Counsel

Recognized, experienced trial attorneys in their respective fields, the New
York lawyers at Dankner Milstein, P.C., are often called upon by other
attorneys to represent clients for purposes of trial only. This can be done at
any stage of litigation. The resources and skills of the lawyers at Dankner
Milstein, P.C., benefit both the client and the referring counsel, who often
assists in the trial, by joining forces in the united goal of obtaining the
most favorable and expeditious result for the client.

Our attorneys know what it takes to win trials in Manhattan and other areas of
New York. We have recovered more than half a billion dollars in verdicts and
settlements, including more than 150 verdicts and settlements of more than $1
million or more. Many of our attorneys’ most significant results were obtained
while acting as trial counsel.

Learn More

![](https://www.danknermilstein.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/award-logo.png)

  * Home
  * About DM
  * PRACTICE AREA
    * Best Medical Malpractice Lawyers NYC
      * Radiology Errors/Failures
      * Hospital Negligence
        * Emergency Room Errors
        * EMT/Paramedic Malpractice
        * Jacobi Medical Center
        * Forest Hills Hospital
        * Medical Malpractice at Harlem Hospital
      * Nursing Home Injuries and Abuse
        * Bedsores
        * Unexpected Falls
      * Anesthesia Injuries
        * Spinal Anesthesia Errors and Allergic Reactions to Local Anesthetic
      * Medication Errors
        * Wrong Medication Dosage
      * Birth Injuries
        * Cerebral Palsy
        * Shoulder Dystocia and Erb’s Palsy
        * Obstetric Negligence
        * Labor Delivery Negligence/Improper Use of Forceps
        * Failure to Perform C-Section
        * Failure to Recognize Fetal Distress
      * Failure to Diagnose
        * Delayed Diagnosis of Cancer
        * Delayed Diagnosis of Breast Cancer
        * Failure to Diagnose Ovarian Cancer
        * Failure to Diagnose Bowel Obstruction
        * Failure to Properly Read X-Rays or Mammograms
        * Appendicitis Misdiagnosis
        * Gynecological Errors
      * Surgical Mistakes
        * Wrong Site Surgery
        * Anesthesia Errors
        * Unnecessary Surgery
      * Surgical Errors
        * Organ Puncture or Perforation
        * Bowel Perforation
        * Spinal Cord Injuries in Surgery
    * Best Personal Injury Lawyers NYC
      * The McDonald’s Hot Cup of Coffee Case
    * Construction Accidents
      * New York Falls From Ladders
      * New York Falling Objects
      * New York Scaffold Accidents
      * Workplace Injuries
    * Product Liability
      * Toxic Torts
      * Mass Torts
    * Premises Liability
      * Injured on Public Property
      * NYC Subway Platform Injuries
      * Trip and Falls due to Broken Sidewalks
      * Inadequate Security
    * Car Accident Lawyers NYC
      * New York Public Transportation Accidents
      * Commercial Trucking Accidents
      * Car Accidents
      * Truck Accidents
      * Motorcycle Accidents
      * Pedestrian Accidents
      * Delivery Bike Accidents
      * Drunk Driving Accidents
      * Fire Truck/Police/Ambulance Accidents
      * Sanitation Worker Injuries
    * Aviation Accidents
    * Maritime and Admiralty Injuries
    * Trial Counsel
  * Attorneys
    * Jay W. Dankner
    * Edward P. Milstein
  * Results
  * Blog
  * Testimonials
  * Contact Us

  * Home
  * About DM
  * PRACTICE AREA
    * Best Medical Malpractice Lawyers NYC
      * Radiology Errors/Failures
      * Hospital Negligence
        * Emergency Room Errors
        * EMT/Paramedic Malpractice
        * Jacobi Medical Center
        * Forest Hills Hospital
        * Medical Malpractice at Harlem Hospital
      * Nursing Home Injuries and Abuse
        * Bedsores
        * Unexpected Falls
      * Anesthesia Injuries
        * Spinal Anesthesia Errors and Allergic Reactions to Local Anesthetic
      * Medication Errors
        * Wrong Medication Dosage
      * Birth Injuries
        * Cerebral Palsy
        * Shoulder Dystocia and Erb’s Palsy
        * Obstetric Negligence
        * Labor Delivery Negligence/Improper Use of Forceps
        * Failure to Perform C-Section
        * Failure to Recognize Fetal Distress
      * Failure to Diagnose
        * Delayed Diagnosis of Cancer
        * Delayed Diagnosis of Breast Cancer
        * Failure to Diagnose Ovarian Cancer
        * Failure to Diagnose Bowel Obstruction
        * Failure to Properly Read X-Rays or Mammograms
        * Appendicitis Misdiagnosis
        * Gynecological Errors
      * Surgical Mistakes
        * Wrong Site Surgery
        * Anesthesia Errors
        * Unnecessary Surgery
      * Surgical Errors
        * Organ Puncture or Perforation
        * Bowel Perforation
        * Spinal Cord Injuries in Surgery
    * Best Personal Injury Lawyers NYC
      * The McDonald’s Hot Cup of Coffee Case
    * Construction Accidents
      * New York Falls From Ladders
      * New York Falling Objects
      * New York Scaffold Accidents
      * Workplace Injuries
    * Product Liability
      * Toxic Torts
      * Mass Torts
    * Premises Liability
      * Injured on Public Property
      * NYC Subway Platform Injuries
      * Trip and Falls due to Broken Sidewalks
      * Inadequate Security
    * Car Accident Lawyers NYC
      * New York Public Transportation Accidents
      * Commercial Trucking Accidents
      * Car Accidents
      * Truck Accidents
      * Motorcycle Accidents
      * Pedestrian Accidents
      * Delivery Bike Accidents
      * Drunk Driving Accidents
      * Fire Truck/Police/Ambulance Accidents
      * Sanitation Worker Injuries
    * Aviation Accidents
    * Maritime and Admiralty Injuries
    * Trial Counsel
  * Attorneys
    * Jay W. Dankner
    * Edward P. Milstein
  * Results
  * Blog
  * Testimonials
  * Contact Us

## Social Porfiles

Facebook-f __ Twitter __ Linkedin __ Google-plus-g __

## NEW YORK

61 Broadway - Suite 2824  
New York, NY 10006  
Call Now!: 212.751.8000  
Fax: 212-751-8091  
New York Law Office

Dankner & Milstein P.C. is Of Counsel at Gersowitz Libo & Korek P.C. , Our
Malpractice and injury lawyers have offices in New York City, New Jersey and
Long Island. We represent clients throughout the region in places such as
Manhattan, Brooklyn, the Bronx, Queens, Staten Island, Long Island, Garden
City, Englewood, Nassau County, Suffolk County, Westchester County, Kings
County, Bronx County, Richmond County and Queens County.

© 2023 by Dankner Milstein, P.C. All rights reserved. Disclaimer | Site Map |
Privacy Policy

Scroll to Top

