  * Home
  * About Us

▼

    * Matthew J. Blit
    * Les. J. Levine
    * Paul D. Petrus, Jr.
    * Bruce Glickman
    * Sally Mourad
    * Russell S. Moriarty
    * Ted K. Lippincott
    * Parveen Husain
    * Justin Clark
    * Michael S. Blit
  * In the News
  * Employment Law

▼

    * Discrimination
    * Employer Retaliation
    * Federal Employment Law
    * Hostile Work Environment
    * Labor Law
    * Sexual Harassment
    * Severance Agreements
    * Wage & Hour Dispute
    * Race Discrimination
  * Sexually Transmitted Diseases
  * Practice Areas

▼

    * Personal Injury
  * Locations
  * Reviews
  * Contact Us

Free Case Evaluation

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20168%20110'%3E%3C/svg%3E)
![](https://www.levineblit.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/Logo2.png)

  * Locations
  * Reviews
  * Blog

NY : 212-967-3000

CA : 310-281-0100

  * Home
  * Attorneys
    * Matthew J. Blit
    * Les. J. Levine
    * Paul D. Petrus, Jr.
    * Bruce Glickman
    * Sally Mourad
    * Russell S. Moriarty
    * Ted K. Lippincott
    * Parveen Husain
    * Justin Clark
    * Michael S. Blit
    * Adam Kominsky
    * Timothy R. Lenahan
  * In the News
  * Employment Law
    * Discrimination
    * Employer Retaliation
    * Federal Employment Law
    * Hostile Work Environment
    * Labor Law
    * Sexual Harassment
    * Severance Agreements
    * Wage & Hour Dispute
    * Race Discrimination
    * Disability
    * Whistleblower Protection
  * STD Lawyers
  * Personal Injury
  * Contact Us

Free Case Evaluation

# About Us

#### "Matthew Blit as our lawyer because he's the damn best of the best!" -
Lenny Dykstra "Nails"

Free Case Evaluation

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%201107%20500'%3E%3C/svg%3E)
![](https://www.levineblit.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/montage.png)

## Levine & Blit In The News

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%202560%20454'%3E%3C/svg%3E)
![](https://www.levineblit.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/NYP_New_York_Post_logo_wordmark.png)

#### New York Post

Read More

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%202560%201440'%3E%3C/svg%3E)
![](https://www.levineblit.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/nydn.png)

#### Daily News

Read More

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20356%20280'%3E%3C/svg%3E)
![](https://www.levineblit.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/Abc7.png)

#### ABC7

Read More

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%201800%201200'%3E%3C/svg%3E)
![](https://www.levineblit.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/Reuters.png)

#### Reuters

Read More

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%202560%201440'%3E%3C/svg%3E)
![](https://www.levineblit.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/New-York-Times-
logo.png)

#### The New york times

Read More

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%202560%201440'%3E%3C/svg%3E)
![](https://www.levineblit.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/Forbes2-1.png)

#### Forbes

Read More

In The News

## About Us

At Levine & Blit, we understand that there is a significant power differential
between employees and employers. When an employee chooses to take legal action
against their employer, it is almost always a David vs. Goliath battle. It is
why we choose to fight for the rights of employees. When you hire an
employment attorney from our firm, you not only get an extremely skilled
litigator but also someone who is passionate about protecting employees’
rights and who truly believes in what they do.

## What Separates Us from the Rest?

### Unmatched Legal Knowledge

We have a deep understanding of federal, state, and local employment laws and
how they can be applied to various issues that might arise at workplaces from
time to time. Thanks to our extensive legal knowledge and long history of
experience, we can spot even the subtlest of employment and labor law
violations, which many other attorneys might miss. This is one of the reasons
why our employment attorneys are held in high regard by their peers and
clients.

### Personalized Legal Representation

We know that no two employment law violations are exactly alike. Even if two
employees from the same workplace are being discriminated against or harassed
by their employer, the number of lost wages and compensatory damages they
might be entitled to can differ greatly. It depends on their wages,
qualifications, experience, and the extent to which they were discriminated
against or harassed.  
This is one of the many reasons we provide highly personalized legal
representation to our clients. Our employment attorneys examine each case in
great detail, take the unique circumstances into account, and get a clear idea
of what the client wants to accomplish. Our meticulous approach makes it
easier for us to tailor our services to the specific needs of each of our
clients.

### A Track Record That Speaks for Itself

There isn’t an employer that we are hesitant to confront. From insurance
carriers to Fortune 500 companies, we have successfully taken on employers of
all sizes and gotten results that few other firms could have. When you have an
employment attorney from Levine & Blit in your corner, you can rest assured
that your employer will take you seriously and will not try to low-ball you or
force you into waiving your rights.

### A Reputation for Excellence

We strive to achieve the best possible outcome in each and every case we take
up and fight relentlessly to recover the maximum possible compensation for our
clients. Thanks to our extensive litigation experience, we are not afraid to
take our cases to trial if needed. Employers know that when we are on the
case, they cannot get away with paying less than what they should, unlike when
they are confronted by attorneys with little to no courtroom experience.

Free Case Evaluation

Laws were created to protect people and their property. Unfortunately, the
complications of the legal system can be confusing and may sometimes even hurt
you. Don’t be a victim. Let the experienced attorneys at Levine & Blit help
you. Call (212) 967-3000.

## Our Attorneys

![Matthew J. Blit new york
attorney](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20490%20490'%3E%3C/svg%3E)
![Matthew J. Blit new york attorney](https://www.levineblit.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/Matt.jpg6_.jpg)

### Matthew J. Blit

Attorney

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%202048%202048'%3E%3C/svg%3E)
![](https://www.levineblit.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/Les-Levine.jpg)

### Les. J. Levine

Attorney

![Paul D. Petrus, Jr. new york
attorney](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20490%20490'%3E%3C/svg%3E)
![Paul D. Petrus, Jr. new york attorney](https://www.levineblit.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/Paul.jpg)

### Paul D. Petrus, Jr.

Attorney

![Sally Mourad, Esq new york
attorney](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20490%20490'%3E%3C/svg%3E)
![Sally Mourad, Esq new york attorney](https://www.levineblit.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/Sally.jpg)

### Sally Mourad

Attorney

![Russell S. Moriarty new york
attorney](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20490%20490'%3E%3C/svg%3E)
![Russell S. Moriarty new york attorney](https://www.levineblit.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/Russell.jpg)

### Russell S. Moriarty

Attorney

![Ted K. Lippincott new york
attorney](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20490%20490'%3E%3C/svg%3E)
![Ted K. Lippincott new york attorney](https://www.levineblit.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/Ted.jpg)

### Ted K. Lippincott

Attorney

![Parveen Husain, Esq new york
attorney](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20490%20490'%3E%3C/svg%3E)
![Parveen Husain, Esq new york attorney](https://www.levineblit.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/Parveen.jpg)

### Parveen Husain

Attorney

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%202048%202048'%3E%3C/svg%3E)
![](https://www.levineblit.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/Justin-Clark.jpg)

### Justin Clark

Attorney

![Michael S. Blit new york
attorney](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20400%20400'%3E%3C/svg%3E)
![Michael S. Blit new york attorney](https://www.levineblit.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/Michael-feed.jpg4_.jpg)

### Michael S. Blit

Attorney

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%202048%202048'%3E%3C/svg%3E)
![](https://www.levineblit.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/02/GLickman.jpg)

### Bruce Glickman

Attorney

### Adam Kominsky

Attorney

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%201814%201785'%3E%3C/svg%3E)
![](https://www.levineblit.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/Tim.jpeg)

### Timothy R. Lenahan

Attorney

## Small-Firm Quality with Large-Firm Power

When fighting for your rights, you need an attorney with extensive experience
and the ability to win against high-power attorneys. You also want to be
treated like a person – not like a payday.

At Levine & Blit, our pride stems not only from being able to get you the most
money at trial or through a settlement, but also from knowing that we have
given you **the best representation** and have ensured that you have been
treated **fairly and justly under the law**.

We offer you the resources of a **powerful law firm** , but still treat you
with the dignity and respect you deserve. Our New York City employment law
attorneys understand that many cases involve sensitive matters and will take
the necessary steps to protect you and your privacy.

#### You Are Not Alone in Your Fight

Unlike many lawyers that ignore their clients and don’t return phone calls,
all of the attorneys of Levine & Blit are in constant contact with their
clients, providing updates, and discussing strategy. When you hire our firm,
you will never be left in the dark. It is our guarantee!

Don’t fight your legal battles alone (or even worse, with incompetent or
uncaring legal representation). Schedule a free phone evaluation of your case.
Call our New York City office at (212) 967-3000.

#### Choose the Most Dependable Employment Attorneys in New York to Fight for
You

At Levine & Blit, we always put our clients’ interests first. Our goal is to
protect your rights and interests and make sure you get the benefits,
privileges, and opportunities you are entitled to receive.

Our employment attorneys bring unparalleled legal expertise, unique insights,
and over 100 years of combined experience to the table. We are best suited to
represent you, no matter how complicated you think your case is. To talk to
one of our seasoned New York employment law attorneys, call us today at (212)
967-3000 or contact us online and schedule a free case evaluation.

## Contact Levine & Blit

"*" indicates required fields

Name*

First Last

Phone*

Email*

Location*

LocationCaliforniaFloridaNew JerseyNew York

Are you a new client?*

Are you a new client?Yes, I am a potential new clientNo, I'm a current
existing clientI'm neither.

Message*

CAPTCHA

Send information

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20viewBox='0%200%20168%20110'%3E%3C/svg%3E)
![](https://www.levineblit.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/Logo.png)

### Follow Us

  *   
  

  *   
  

  *   
  

  *   
  

###  Call Us  

212-967-3000

  * ### New York

800 Westchester avenue, S-322  
Rye Brook, NY 10573

212-967-3000

  
  
Map & Directions

  * ### California Office

6300 Wilshire Blvd, Suite 1870  
Los Angeles, CA 90048

310-281-0100

  
  
Map & Directions

  * ### New Jersey Office

19 Engle St  
Tenafly, NJ 07670

  
  
Map & Directions

  * ### Syracuse Office

499 South Warren Street, Suite 500B,  
Syracuse, NY 13202

  
  
Map & Directions

  * ### Florida Office

201 S. Biscayne Boulevard, Suite 2800,  
Miami, FL 33131

  
  
Map & Directions

The information on this website is for general information purposes only.
Nothing on this site should be taken as legal advice for any individual case
or situation. This information is not intended to create, and receipt or
viewing does not constitute, an attorney-client relationship.

© 2023 All Rights Reserved - Marketing by NLM

  * Privacy Policy
  * Sitemap

