Skip to content 1-800-BOATLAW

  * Menu 
  * Our Firm 
  *   * Results 
  * Contact 

MENUMENU

  * Home
  * Maritime Law
    * #### Maritime Law

Personal Injury Claims

      * Head Injuries
      * Repetitive Use Injuries
      * Lost Limbs / Amputated Fingers
      * Spinal Cord Injuries
      * Shoulder Injuries
      * Broken Bones
      * Back Injuries
      * Brain Injury
      * Neck Injury
      * Knee Injury
      * PTSD
      * Assault
      * Medical Expenses
      * M&C; Punitive Damages
      * Pain and Suffering
      * Compensation
      * Offshore Injuries

Admiralty & Maritime Law

      * In Rem Claims Against Vessels
      * Maritime Salvage
      * Seaman’s Manslaughter Statute
      * Seaman’s Protection Act
      * Third Party Negligence Claims
      * Vessel Negligence Claims under 33 U.S.C §905(b)
      * Admiralty Jurisdiction Act
      * Charter Boat Accidents
      * Death on the High Seas Act
      * Immigration and Maritime Litigation
      * Limitation of Liability Act
      * Marine Insurance Claim
      * Maritime Employment Contracts
      * Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act
      * Public Vessels Act
      * Jones Act
      * Vessel Sinkings
      * Maintenance & Cure
      * LHWCA
      * Contracted Employees
      * Maritime Law & Immigration
      * Boating Accidents
      * Unseaworthiness

Types of Accidents

      * Hypothermia & Drowning
      * Slip & Fall / Trip & Fall
      * Unsafe Working Conditions
      * Cruise Ship Injuries
      * Inadequate Training
      * Crane Accidents
      * Cargo Operations
      * Defective Equipment

Who We Serve

      * Dock & Shipyard Workers
      * Recreational boating Victims
      * Commercial Fisherman
      * Ferry Workers
      * Tugboat Crew
      * Barge Workers
      * Boat Passengers
      * Commercial Divers

  * Notable Cases
    * #### Notable Cases

      * **$10  
Million** **Damage Award**

For a **Harbor Worker** who suffered a traumatic brain injury

View More Cases

      * **$3.7  
Million** **Judgment**

For a **Deckhand** struck by a parted mooring line

View More Cases

      * **$3.37  
Million** **Settlement**

For a **Tour Boat Captain** who sustained a back injury

View More Cases

View More Case Results

  * Our Firm
    * #### Our Firm

      * Douglas R. Williams

**Douglas R. Williams** was raised in a military family. After retiring from
the armed forces, his father sailed as the chief medical officer with many of
the most popular cruise lines.

Learn More

      * Nicholas J. Neidzwski

**Nicholas J. Neidzwski** became a partner at Anderson Carey Williams &
Neidzwski in 2017\.

Learn More

  * News
    * #### News

Read More

Maritime Law and Whistleblowers

Read More

OceanGate Titan Submersible: Passengers or Crew?

Read More

Good Samaritans Save the Day

Read More Stories

  * Contact

1-800-BOATLAW

Free Initial Consultation

**Proudly fighting** for those who  
brave the  
**perils of the sea.**

Tell Us About Your Case

MENUMENU

  * Home
  * Maritime Law
    * #### Maritime Law

Personal Injury Claims

      * Head Injuries
      * Repetitive Use Injuries
      * Lost Limbs / Amputated Fingers
      * Spinal Cord Injuries
      * Shoulder Injuries
      * Broken Bones
      * Back Injuries
      * Brain Injury
      * Neck Injury
      * Knee Injury
      * PTSD
      * Assault
      * Medical Expenses
      * M&C; Punitive Damages
      * Pain and Suffering
      * Compensation
      * Offshore Injuries

Admiralty & Maritime Law

      * In Rem Claims Against Vessels
      * Maritime Salvage
      * Seaman’s Manslaughter Statute
      * Seaman’s Protection Act
      * Third Party Negligence Claims
      * Vessel Negligence Claims under 33 U.S.C §905(b)
      * Admiralty Jurisdiction Act
      * Charter Boat Accidents
      * Death on the High Seas Act
      * Immigration and Maritime Litigation
      * Limitation of Liability Act
      * Marine Insurance Claim
      * Maritime Employment Contracts
      * Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act
      * Public Vessels Act
      * Jones Act
      * Vessel Sinkings
      * Maintenance & Cure
      * LHWCA
      * Contracted Employees
      * Maritime Law & Immigration
      * Boating Accidents
      * Unseaworthiness

Types of Accidents

      * Hypothermia & Drowning
      * Slip & Fall / Trip & Fall
      * Unsafe Working Conditions
      * Cruise Ship Injuries
      * Inadequate Training
      * Crane Accidents
      * Cargo Operations
      * Defective Equipment

Who We Serve

      * Dock & Shipyard Workers
      * Recreational boating Victims
      * Commercial Fisherman
      * Ferry Workers
      * Tugboat Crew
      * Barge Workers
      * Boat Passengers
      * Commercial Divers

  * Notable Cases
    * #### Notable Cases

      * **$10  
Million** **Damage Award**

For a **Harbor Worker** who suffered a traumatic brain injury

View More Cases

      * **$3.7  
Million** **Judgment**

For a **Deckhand** struck by a parted mooring line

View More Cases

      * **$3.37  
Million** **Settlement**

For a **Tour Boat Captain** who sustained a back injury

View More Cases

View More Case Results

  * Our Firm
    * #### Our Firm

      * Douglas R. Williams

**Douglas R. Williams** was raised in a military family. After retiring from
the armed forces, his father sailed as the chief medical officer with many of
the most popular cruise lines.

Learn More

      * Nicholas J. Neidzwski

**Nicholas J. Neidzwski** became a partner at Anderson Carey Williams &
Neidzwski in 2017\.

Learn More

  * News
    * #### News

Read More

Maritime Law and Whistleblowers

Read More

OceanGate Titan Submersible: Passengers or Crew?

Read More

Good Samaritans Save the Day

Read More Stories

  * Contact

1-800-BOATLAW

Free Initial Consultation

  * **$10  
Million** **Damage Award**

For a **Harbor Worker** who suffered a traumatic brain injury

View More Cases

  * **$3.7  
Million** **Judgment**

For a **Deckhand** struck by a parted mooring line

View More Cases

  * **$8  
Million** **Settlement**

**Wrongful Death**  
Settlement

View More Cases

View More Case Results

## Dedicated **Maritime Attorneys**

Maritime lawyers Douglas Williams and Nick Neidzwski at BoatLaw, LLP have
worked hard for decades on behalf of clients injured aboard ships of all sizes
and classes. Formed in 1977, this firm is proud of its consistent track record
of success for its clients for over 45 years. At BoatLaw, LLP, you will find a
legal team, including each of the attorneys, that share a lifelong love of the
sea.

If you were injured in an accident on a fishing vessel, tug, barge, oil rig,
or another type of seagoing vessel, then you need an advocate on your side who
has the experience to represent your rights against the largest of companies.

More importantly, you need an admiralty lawyer who understands your way of
life because they have a passion for the maritime industry. At BoatLaw, LLP
you will always be represented by a highly experienced maritime lawyer with a
strong track record of success. We proudly represent maritime workers in
California, Alaska, Oregon, and Washington.

  *   *   *   * 

  * Super Lawyers is a rating service of outstanding lawyers from more than 70 practice areas who have attained a high-degree of peer recognition and professional achievement. 

  * The Maritime Law Association of the United States (MLA) was founded in 1899. Its formation was prompted by the organization, some three years earlier, of the International Maritime Committee. 

  * The Washington State Bar Association operates under the delegated authority of the Washington Supreme Court to license the state's nearly 40,000 lawyers and other legal professionals. 

  * The Oregon State Bar is a government agency in the U.S. state of Oregon. Founded in 1890 as the private Oregon Bar Association, it became a public entity in 1935 that regulates the legal profession. 

  * The Alaska Bar Association is a mandatory bar association responsible to the Alaska Supreme Court for the admission and discipline process of attorneys for the State of Alaska. 

Personal Injury Claims

  * Head Injuries
  * Repetitive Use Injuries
  * Lost Limbs / Amputated Fingers
  * Spinal Cord Injuries
  * Shoulder Injuries
  * Broken Bones
  * Back Injuries
  * Brain Injury
  * Neck Injury
  * Knee Injury
  * PTSD
  * Assault
  * Medical Expenses
  * M&C; Punitive Damages
  * Pain and Suffering
  * Compensation
  * Offshore Injuries

MORE

Admiralty & Maritime Law

  * In Rem Claims Against Vessels
  * Maritime Salvage
  * Seaman’s Manslaughter Statute
  * Seaman’s Protection Act
  * Third Party Negligence Claims
  * Vessel Negligence Claims under 33 U.S.C §905(b)
  * Admiralty Jurisdiction Act
  * Charter Boat Accidents
  * Death on the High Seas Act
  * Immigration and Maritime Litigation
  * Limitation of Liability Act
  * Marine Insurance Claim
  * Maritime Employment Contracts
  * Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act
  * Public Vessels Act
  * Jones Act
  * Vessel Sinkings
  * Maintenance & Cure
  * LHWCA
  * Contracted Employees
  * Maritime Law & Immigration
  * Boating Accidents
  * Unseaworthiness

MORE

Types of Accidents

  * Hypothermia & Drowning
  * Slip & Fall / Trip & Fall
  * Unsafe Working Conditions
  * Cruise Ship Injuries
  * Inadequate Training
  * Crane Accidents
  * Cargo Operations
  * Defective Equipment

MORE

Who We Serve

  * Dock & Shipyard Workers
  * Recreational boating Victims
  * Commercial Fisherman
  * Ferry Workers
  * Tugboat Crew
  * Barge Workers
  * Boat Passengers
  * Commercial Divers

MORE

  * Helpful Every **Step Of The Way** Don’t think twice, call them

“Nick and his team are amazing!!!! Not only did they fight to give my family a
future, they came beside us and walked through the pain, frustration, anger,
and depression that comes with a major injury and the legal woes that follow.
Their GENUINE concern for mine and my family’s well being made all the
difference in weathering the storm.I couldn’t be happier with the outcome or
the privilege I have to call them friend.”

\- Cory Davis

  * My Results **Were Successful**

“Doug Williams and everyone as this firm went above and beyond to help me. I
was worried when looking for a lawyer to find someone who actually cared about
my case and what was best for me. They were by my side every step of the way
and I couldn’t recommend them more! If you are thinking about reaching out to
a lawyer, don’t think twice.. Call them!”

\- Jacob Schott

  * Provided a **Great Service**

“The staff at "BoatLaw, LLP; provided a great service in maritime law
representing myself. Nick Neidzwski and his staff kept me in the loop
throughout my case every step of the way. Nick and the staff were very
professional and caring during my time of need of their expertise of maritime
law. I would highly recommend the staff at "BoatLaw, LLP for any maritime law
matters. Thanks again for your service with my case.”

\- Craig M.

Read More Testimonials

##  Respect for the High Seas. Get in Touch with  
**Dedicated Maritime Attorneys.**

Name

Phone

Email

Subject

Briefly Describe Your Case

Submit Request

Δ

Name

Phone

Email

Subject

Briefly Describe Your Case

Submit Request For Free Consultation

##  Recent **News**

Read More

Maritime Law and Whistleblowers

Read More

OceanGate Titan Submersible: Passengers or Crew?

Read More

Good Samaritans Save the Day

Read More Stories

## Office **Locations**

Bellingham, WA 23 Bellwether Way, Suite 101  
Bellingham, WA 98225  (360) 671-6711

Seattle, WA 85 S Washington St, Suite 308  
Seattle, WA 98104  (206) 624-8647

San Francisco, CA 201 Spear St, Suite 1100  
San Francisco, CA 94105  (415) 851-2424

Portland, OR 519 SW Park Ave, Suite 419  
Portland, OR 97205  (503) 232-6711

Los Angeles, CA 704 South Spring St, Suite 1101  
Los Angeles, CA 90014  (323) 386-4686

## Areas **We Serve**

Alaska

Oregon

Washington

California

# BoatLaw, LLP

## Maritime Accidents

Technology has done much to automate traditional worker roles throughout the
decades, but it can never replace the hardworking men and women who work
tirelessly on or around sea vessels. Maritime workers, including seamen and
longshoremen, continue to bear the heavy and often hazardous burden of working
in the maritime industry.

Safety training and proper equipment, when employed, can help minimize the
occurrence of an accident, but human error, dangerous ship conditions, and the
unpredictability of Mother Nature can quickly lead to a serious accident. What
happens to the fish processor with constant pain from a repeated stress back
injury? The deckhand who cannot handle lines anymore due to a ruptured disc?
The grieving wife who lost her husband in a vessel sinking?

Our legal system in Washington, Oregon, California, and Alaska, allows victims
of maritime accidents and their loved ones to pursue compensation after an
accident. The seaman can bring a legal action against the employer.
Longshoremen may also seek a third-party claim against the shipowner for
injuries sustained aboard vessels.

Claims for money damages can also be brought against third-party vendors or
contractors who can be held liable under the general maritime law for
industrial accidents that cause injuries to maritime workers.

Pursuing the compensation you or your loved one need does not have to add to
your already heavy burden. An experienced maritime lawyer in Seattle,
Bellingham, San Francisco, Portland or Los Angeles can hold the employer and
any other relevant parties accountable for the injuries you sustained.

Maritime attorneys Douglas Williams and Nick Neidzwski at BoatLaw, LLP can
help you navigate through these difficult times and find a resolution that
provides reasonable compensation in both the short-term and long-term. You
have suffered enough – it's time to let somebody else fight on your behalf.

Read More

## Maritime Lawyers

Through the years, maritime attorneys Douglas Williams and Nick Neidzwski at
BoatLaw, LLP have earned an outstanding reputation throughout Washington,
Oregon, Alaska, and California. Our attorneys provide honest and hardworking
representation for those affected by maritime accidents.

We focus exclusively on maritime cases and regularly represent merchant
mariners, commercial fisherman, dockworkers, processors, and other maritime
workers from a variety of backgrounds all along the coast. Our clients
understand that when we take on their case, we mean business.

We understand your concerns during these uncertain times. Perhaps you're
unsure if a full medical recovery is possible much less how long it will take.
You're concerned about how you will recover the wages you’ve lost while you
are out of work letting your injuries heal. Perhaps you're worried that you
will be blackballed from future employment if you exercise your right to legal
action. When you're pressured to return to work, but you don’t feel you’re
ready, this can quickly turn into a storm of stress. The law firm of BoatLaw,
LLP is here to help.

We pride ourselves on our proactive and thorough approach to every case we
take coast-to-coast. We conduct a full investigation into the liability issues
in every case as well as a complete examination of the medical consequences of
the accident. Our dedicated admiralty lawyers are experienced trial veterans
and strategic negotiators. Whether your situation benefits most from trial or
settlement, we will vigorously pursue your goals and fight for maximum
compensation.

With offices in Seattle and Bellingham, Washington, San Francisco and Los
Angeles, California and Portland, Oregon, this maritime law firm is ready to
start fighting for you. Over the past quarter-century, our lawyers have
handled hundreds of cases of shipboard injuries, portside accidents, and
wrongful death from coast to coast.

Our attorneys are experienced in both trial and appellate practice in state
and federal courts in Washington, Oregon, Alaska, California, Florida, and
even the Supreme Court of the United States resulting in court decisions
establishing important maritime precedents.

Call 1 (800) 262-8529 (1-800-BOATLAW) to learn more about your legal options
during a free and confidential consultation with an experienced maritime
lawyer at BoatLaw, LLP. Our Washington, California, and Oregon based law firm
operates on a contingency-fee basis, meaning you do not pay a dime unless we
make a financial recovery on your behalf.

## Decades of Experience in Routine and Complex Maritime Accident Cases

Our Seattle, Bellingham, San Francisco, Portland and Los Angeles maritime
attorneys have nearly a century of combined experience in civil litigation. We
understand what it takes to prepare a strong case and spare no reasonable
expense in fighting for your rights. From the moment you first contact our
personal injury firm, you can see our commitment towards your cause.

We confidently pursue your maritime claims against the largest companies in
the maritime industry and their insurance companies.

Maritime law can be complex – it is in your best interests to work with an
attorney highly focused on this aspect of the law. At BoatLaw, LLP, we have
successfully recovered millions of dollars in compensation for clients in a
wide variety of maritime cases across the North Pacific and Atlantic coasts,
including the Gulf of Alaska and the Bering Sea.

Our experience extends to accidents involving slip and falls, explosions,
factory processing accidents, equipment defects, unsafe ladders/causeways,
port collisions, crane accidents, inadequate safety training, decompression
related injuries, and unsafe working conditions.

We have seen firsthand the impact that a serious accident can have both
physically and mentally. Lost limbs, head injuries, back injuries, repetitive
use injuries, shoulder injuries, spinal cord injuries, and chemical burns
aren't uncommon in the fast-paced maritime world. However, there is no excuse
when the accident was caused because of the negligence of the employer or
another third party.

Maritime attorneys Douglas Williams and Nick Neidzwski at BoatLaw, LLP are
proud to continue fighting for justice on behalf of commercial fishermen, dock
workers, deckhands, ferry workers, oil rig workers, commercial divers and
merchant mariners.

Our maritime lawyers with offices in Bellingham and Seattle, WA, San Francisco
and Los Angeles, CA, and Portland, OR, have successfully represented many
clients throughout the years, recovering millions of dollars.

The attorneys understand that no two cases are the same. Even if the general
circumstances that resulted in the injuries are similar, it is the smallest
details that can make the difference in establishing liability and obtaining
maximum compensation for your damages.



## Your Rights After a Maritime or Longshore Accident

Injured maritime workers and the immediate family members of those who perish
at sea can pursue legal recourse under the Jones Act, the Longshore and Harbor
Workers' Compensation Act, the Death on the High Seas Act, and general
maritime law. These laws give injured seamen and dockworkers the right to
pursue legal action and collect compensation under:

  * **Jones Act - ** The Jones Act, or Merchant Marine Act of 1920, helps seamen who are injured at work recover for their injuries. It covers claims for negligence in which an employer or your coworker fails to act within their expected duty of care. The Jones Act imposes liability upon maritime employers for injuries to crewmembers whenever the proof justifies the conclusion that the employer's negligence played any part, even the slightest, in producing the injury for which damages are sought.
  * **Longshore and Harbor Workers ' Compensation Act - **The LHWCA covers longshoremen, dock workers, crane operators and other land-based maritime employees. It operates similarly to landside workers' compensation in that it automatically entitles employees injured on the job to benefits while they are undergoing medical care.
  * **Death on the High Seas Act -** DOHSA allows family members and loved ones to recover if a seaman or passenger is killed outside the territorial waters of the United States. While DOHSA does not cover loss of consortium, it does allow loved ones to recover for funeral expenses, loss of support, and other monetary losses.
  * **General Maritime Law -** If you or your loved one's injury is not covered under a specific statute, it is likely covered under the general maritime law. Under general maritime law, you are guaranteed a right to maintenance and cure and unearned wages. This means that, after an injury or an illness, you should receive payments for your medical care while you recover. Additionally, general maritime law provides a  cause of action for unseaworthiness when a ship or its equipment is not reasonably fit for its intended purpose.

Who to file your claim against and where depends greatly on the specific
circumstances and the applicable law. For instance, a Jones Act negligence
claim is filed against your employer, while an unseaworthiness claim is filed
against the ship's owner.

Typically, we will file claims against both the employer and ship's owner and
argue both causes of action to help you receive the full compensation you
need.

## Top 6 Things for Injured Seamen and Maritime Workers to Keep in Mind

After an accident, your world can quickly turn upside down. With the stress of
worrying about your injuries and your ability to work, you may inadvertently
do something that can hurt your future legal case. There are actions and
inactions that can impact your chances of receiving reasonable compensation
for the losses caused by your injuries.

Following an accident, keep the following in mind:

  * **Do** report your accident to your supervisor. Even if you don’t notice the severity of your injury until the next day, it’s important to complete an accident report or make an entry in the vessel’s logbook. Ask for a copy of anything you sign. If your vessel has a medical officer, speak with him or her about what care is available onboard and discuss when you can seek professional help at the next port.
  * **Do** see a doctor as soon as you're able after an accident. Obtaining the care you need is your primary concern. Make sure to explain to the doctor or nurse how your injury occurred. This will assist the physician in diagnosing your condition and also creates another level of documentation for your injury claim. You are entitled to be treated by a doctor of your choosing. Under the Maintenance and Cure doctrine, medical expenses will be covered by your employer.
  * **Do NOT** give a statement, official or otherwise, to your employer or their insurance company. While you may have a positive relationship with other crew members, this does not mean they are on your side. Your words may be used to build a case against you by your employer and its insurance company.
  * **Do** consult with an attorney before agreeing to a settlement. Maritime businesses and their insurance companies are concerned with their profits and bottom line. Paying you fair and honest compensation for your losses is not how insurance companies make money. They may shortchange you, leaving you high and dry down the road. An experienced attorney will make sure you're not being taken advantage of.
  * **Do NOT** go back to work until you are physically and mentally recovered. You may feel pressure from an employer to hurry back. Do not return to work without clearance from your personal physician. You do not want to aggravate your injuries and potentially sustain permanent damage. If you are pursuing a legal claim, consult with your attorney about your options.
  * **Do** file a maritime accident claim as soon after the accident as possible. Not only are you limited in the time you can act and file a claim after an accident, a lengthy delay can weaken your case in some situations. Keep in mind that certain evidence, statements, and documentation are time-sensitive and can affect your available legal options.

Speak with a maritime lawyer in Washington, California, Oregon or Alaska who
you can trust to represent your interests. Our lawyers can give you legal
advice that will help you navigate your general maritime law and Jones Act
claims.

## Proudly Representing Mariners Across Washington, Oregon, Alaska, and
California

We maintain offices in Bellingham and Seattle, Washington, San Francisco and
Los Angeles, California, and Portland, Oregon. Maritime attorneys Douglas
Williams and Nick Neidzwski at BoatLaw, LLP share a love of the sea and has a
stake in protecting the rights of members of the maritime community. Our
clients come from all walks of life, backgrounds, and cultures.

Call 1 (800) 262-8529 (1-800-BOATLAW) to schedule your consultation, one-on-
one with an attorney at BoatLaw, LLP today. Your initial discussion with a
qualified attorney (and never a paralegal or law clerk) is a prime opportunity
to learn more about your legal options in a no-pressure setting.

We always encourage our clients and even prospective clients to make the most
informed decision. Providing information is critical to making this happen.

Don't wait until tomorrow to take control of your future after an accident. We
have recovered millions on behalf of our clients. Let us help you today.

1-800-BOATLAW

Free Initial Consultation

BoatLaw, LLP

23 Bellwether Way, Suite 101  
Bellingham, WA 98225  (360) 671-6711  
Map + Directions

Other Locations

  * Alaska
  * Los Angeles, CA
  * Portland, OR
  * San Francisco, CA
  * Seattle, WA

  *   *   * 

The information provided on this site is for general information purposes
only. The information you obtain at this website is not, nor is it intended to
be, legal advice. You should consult an attorney for advice regarding your own
individual situation. Use of this website or submission of an online form,
does not create an attorney-client relationship.

(C) Copyright 2024 BoatLaw, LLP | Site Map

Legal Website Design by:  **INTERNET LAVA**

____

__

  * Home
  * Maritime Law
  * Notable Cases
  * Our Firm
  * News
  * Contact

