Skip to content

Menu

Menu

  * Partition Law
    * What is a Partition Action?
    * Partition Offsets and Accounting
    * Attorney's Fees in a Partition Action
    * Partition of Real Property Act
    * Partition Action Forms
    * California Partition Statutes
    * Quiet Title Co-Ownership
    * Litigation
  * Team
    * Attorney Scott Talkov
    * Attorney Olivia Dajee
    * Attorney Adeeb Djawad
    * Attorney Colleen Talkov
    * Attorney Katja M. Grosch
    * Attorney Ross Johnson
    * Attorney Natalie Myung
  * Locations
    * Los Angeles
    * Orange County
    * San Francisco
    * Riverside
    * San Diego
    * San Jose
    * Sacramento
  * Blog
  * About
    * Awards
    * Reviews
    * Future of the Law Scholarship
    * Careers
    * Press
  * Contact
  * (844) 4-TALKOV
  * 

Menu

  * Partition Law
    * What is a Partition Action?
    * Partition Offsets and Accounting
    * Attorney's Fees in a Partition Action
    * Partition of Real Property Act
    * Partition Action Forms
    * California Partition Statutes
    * Quiet Title Co-Ownership
    * Litigation
  * Team
    * Attorney Scott Talkov
    * Attorney Olivia Dajee
    * Attorney Adeeb Djawad
    * Attorney Colleen Talkov
    * Attorney Katja M. Grosch
    * Attorney Ross Johnson
    * Attorney Natalie Myung
  * Locations
    * Los Angeles
    * Orange County
    * San Francisco
    * Riverside
    * San Diego
    * San Jose
    * Sacramento
  * Blog
  * About
    * Awards
    * Reviews
    * Future of the Law Scholarship
    * Careers
    * Press
  * Contact
  * (844) 4-TALKOV
  * 

_Ending Co-Ownership Disputes_ ®

Partition Lawyers

### Experienced & Trusted.

California partition lawyers with experience in dispute resolution. A
dedicated team of partition attorneys proudly serving Los Angeles, Orange
County, San Francisco, Riverside, San Diego, San Jose, Sacramento, Fresno, and
Surrounding Areas in California.

Partition Law

Partition attorneys ending co-ownership disputes through the court-ordered
process known as a partition action. With the experience of having handled
over 200 partition actions throughout California, our attorneys are extremely
knowledgeable in partition law.

Partition Attorneys

## Speak to a Partition Attorney Today

Tell us how we can be of service and one of our team members will contact you.

Call Talkov Law Today

## Currently Handling Over 260 Partitions Throughout California

### Scott Talkov

_Attorney / Managing Partner_

_About_

### Olivia Dajee

_Attorney_

_About_

### Adeeb Djawad

_Attorney_

_About_

### Colleen Talkov

_Attorney_

_About_

### Katja M. Grosch

_Attorney (O _f Counsel__ )

_About_

### Ross Johnson

_Attorney_

_About_

### Natalie Myung

_Attorney_

_About_

### **Talkov Law is Rated 5 out of 5 stars based on 52 customer reviews.**

5 out of 5 stars

Damon Graddy

Very happy with my experience with Talkov Law. Scott seemed to understand my
case and needs, assigning my case to Nick Moss. Nick has been delightful to
work with putting me at ease with a very tense family situation. No resolution
yet but we are working to that end. I would recommend this group when everyone
else tells you it cant be done.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Teresita Diaz

Nick and the Talkov Law team brought about a wonderful ending to my partition
dispute and I highly recommend them.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Michelle Cervana

Talkov Law provided excellent service. My family is grateful to Nick Moss for
his expertise and diligence. Thanks to Nick, my family's co-ownership dispute
has finally been resolved.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Damon Graddy

Very happy with my experience with Talkov Law. Scott seemed to understand my
case and needs, assigning my case to Nick Moss. Nick has been delightful to
work with putting me at ease with a very tense family situation. No resolution
yet but we are working to that end. I would recommend this group when everyone
else tells you it cant be done.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Will V

I had some property line issues a couple months back and Scott gave me the
advice I needed to move forward. I wasn't sure how to go about the situation,
he gave guidance and insight on how things work. I outreached to a few
attorneys and none of them got back to me but Scott took the time to reach me
and help me out right away. Thank you guys.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Sheryll Vanderhooft

Olivia Dajee and the attorneys at Talkov Law were very helpful in representing
me in a partition case that could have easily become much more complicated.
They were knowledgeable, excellent at communication, and were able to sell my
property quickly and efficiently without court intervention. I highly
recommend Talkov Law to anyone searching for a reliable real estate partition
attorney!

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Mario Mottley

Talkov Law will get your partition done. Adeeb did a tremendous job on my
partition. Adeeb along with Scott are very knowledgeable to the partition laws
and nobody can compete. Adeeb along with Scott is a great combination. These
guys know what they are doing and Adeeb is going give you the pros and cons
and advise you to the best decision to make in your partition settlement. I
couldn't have asked for a better outcome to my case. These guys really know
the law. Thanks Adeeb and Talkov Law.....

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Kenneth and Linda Mandel

Nick Moss was professional, knowledgeable and responsive. With his help we
resolved the legal claim without extensive legal proceedings, which saved us
money and time. Highly recommend this firm!

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

huero b

Very helpful and kept me updated on everything that was done and what was
going on.. Will highly recommend to others.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Rachel Salinas

Nick Moss and the Talkov Law Corp team used their knowledge and expertise to
help me bring an end to my co-ownership dispute. I highly recommend Talkov Law
Corp.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

huero b

Very helpful and kept me updated on everything that was done and what was
going on.. Will highly recommend to others.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Olivia Garcia

Nick and the Talkov Law Corp team brought about a prompt ending to my
partition lawsuit using legal expertise and professionalism. I highly
recommend hiring Talkov Law Corp.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Kenneth Franco

From the moment I spoke on the telephone with Mr. Nick Moss, I had a good
feeling about him. He is very personable and has an abundance of knowledge
when it comes to partition law. Thanks to his hard work, attention to detail,
and prompt follow up, my partition lawsuit was resolved in a timely manner.
Thank you, Nick.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Michael Rice

Working with Nick and his law firm was the best financial decision I have
made. The services they provided was exactly what we needed. Nick was easy to
get ahold of and made this process a smooth one. He is so knowledgeable and
professional. We could not have had a better experience.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Antoine Becks

I highly recommend Talkov Law Corp to handle a real estate co-ownership
dispute.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Kenneth and Linda Mandel

Nick Moss was professional, knowledgeable and responsive. With his help we
resolved the legal claim without extensive legal proceedings, which saved us
money and time. Highly recommend this firm!

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Jocelyn Agda

nick amd the talkov law team used their knowledge and expertise to provide me
with thoughtful advice to bring about a prompt end to my partition dispute.i
highly recommended talkov law.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Omar Medel

I highly recommend Nick Moss and the rest of Talkov Law team. I was very
pleased with Nick's knowledge and legal counsel. I don't think going through
this process would have been as easy without Nick. Nick's attentiveness and
focus on my case made me feel secure and confident. He always kept me up to
date on what was needed to keep the process as smooth as possible. All in all
10/10

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Peter Reyes

Exellent customer service from Talkov Law, SPECIALLY from Mr. Nick Moss who is
a very professional and knowledgeable Real Estate attorney, who always was at
my disposition and went out of his way in order to helping me with the Real
Estate problem that I was going thru. I would not hesitate a second to use
their professional sevices again or to refer anybody I know. THANKS once again
Talkov Law( Nick Moss). Best regards. Sincerely Peter Reyes

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Michael Brown

Talkov Law represented us in a case that ended with a very successful
mediation settlement. The overall team was great. Specifically, Scott steered
the case up front in ways that were effective, quickly laid out our options
and were realistic and proactive in driving the case to conclusion. At each
step along the way he gave us informed options, and was both mindful of our
time and efficient with hours. Ferdeza Zekiri handed the case at a detailed
level, and was singled out by our mediator for the quality and argumentation
in our brief--and rightly so. It was her preparation and confidence in the
facts of the case that drove it to a successful conclusion, achieving a result
I’m doubtful we would have reached with other attorneys.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Doug Bungert

My attorney, Nick Moss has impressed me with his friendly demeanor, experience
level and thoroughness while working with me on my case. I put my trust in him
and I have not been disappointed.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Corinne Ramirez

With the help of Talkov Law, I was able to not only win my case but also
collect attorney's fees from the opposing party. I was involved in a business
dispute where the other side refused to accept that they were wrong. The court
repeatedly granted Scott's motions to dismiss and also granted me $25,000 in
attorney's fees! I am so glad that Scott was referred to me by another
attorney and that this headache is finally behind me. I hope I never need
another lawyer again, but if I do, Talkov Law will be the first law firm I
call.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Olivia Garcia

Nick and the Talkov Law Corp team brought about a prompt ending to my
partition lawsuit using legal expertise and professionalism. I highly
recommend hiring Talkov Law Corp.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Fernando Maciel

Nick Moss and the Talkov Law team did a fantastic job helping me bring an end
to my co-ownership dispute. Nick demonstrated exemplary professionalism and
expertise. He's patient and great at communicating and translating legal
jargon. I highly recommend them and the Talkov Law team.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Kenneth Franco

From the moment I spoke on the telephone with Mr. Nick Moss, I had a good
feeling about him. He is very personable and has an abundance of knowledge
when it comes to partition law. Thanks to his hard work, attention to detail,
and prompt follow up, my partition lawsuit was resolved in a timely manner.
Thank you, Nick.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Miros Flores

Talkov Law did an awesome job with a partition lawsuit! The attorney they
assigned to represent me Olivia did an excellent job! They are very
professional and knowledgeable. I highly recommend them. Thank you for the
great and wonderful job you did!

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Antoine Becks

I highly recommend Talkov Law Corp to handle a real estate co-ownership
dispute.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Jocelyn Agda

nick amd the talkov law team used their knowledge and expertise to provide me
with thoughtful advice to bring about a prompt end to my partition dispute.i
highly recommended talkov law.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

jenny howard

The team is professional who provides prompt advice and communication. The
team made the whole process seamless and painless. I am very happy with the
team and would engage them again should a need arise.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Yves Halliburton

Nick Moss and the Talkov Law team used their knowledge and expertise to bring
about a wonderful end to my real property co-ownership dispute. Nick exhibited
impressive patience in the face of uncooperative parties to the lawsuit which
helped ease my anxiety associated with my lawsuit with confidence that justice
will prevail. Thank you Talkov Law Corp.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Omar Medel

I highly recommend Nick Moss and the rest of Talkov Law team. I was very
pleased with Nick's knowledge and legal counsel. I don't think going through
this process would have been as easy without Nick. Nick's attentiveness and
focus on my case made me feel secure and confident. He always kept me up to
date on what was needed to keep the process as smooth as possible. All in all
10/10

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

ROANNA SABEH-AZAR

Scott Talkov is a great human being who cares and has been a vital instrument
to my case! Thank you!

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Rachel Salinas

Nick Moss and the Talkov Law Corp team used their knowledge and expertise to
help me bring an end to my co-ownership dispute. I highly recommend Talkov Law
Corp.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Patrick and Emily Cena

Colleen Talkov provided very professional representation in connection with a
potentially difficult case, and as a result of her skill and persistence we
obtained an outstanding result. Her assistant, Noor Haleem, was also very
helpful and professional. Thank you for a positive experience and a successful
outcome.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Michelle Cervana

Talkov Law provided excellent service. My family is grateful to Nick Moss for
his expertise and diligence. Thanks to Nick, my family's co-ownership dispute
has finally been resolved.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Mike Conley

Nick provided pertinent advice to help bring a resolution to my real estate
ownership dispute. I highly recommend Nick Moss.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Mike Conley

Nick provided pertinent advice to help bring a resolution to my real estate
ownership dispute. I highly recommend Nick Moss.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Peter Reyes

Exellent customer service from Talkov Law, SPECIALLY from Mr. Nick Moss who is
a very professional and knowledgeable Real Estate attorney, who always was at
my disposition and went out of his way in order to helping me with the Real
Estate problem that I was going thru.I would not hesitate a second to use
their professional sevices again or to refer anybody I know.THANKS once again
Talkov Law( Nick Moss).Best regards.SincerelyPeter Reyes

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Roger Rombawa

The staff are very good and very responsive. Every time I reach out to them.
They are always there. Good service indeed!

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Michael Rice

Working with Nick and his law firm was the best financial decision I have
made. The services they provided was exactly what we needed. Nick was easy to
get ahold of and made this process a smooth one. He is so knowledgeable and
professional. We could not have had a better experience.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Kavita Nandra

Attorneys Colleen Talkov and Scott Talkov have my highest recommendation for
providing excellent legal service. I contacted the Talkov Legal Firm back in
July 2022 as I had been wanting to sell a co-owned piece of property. Both
Colleen and Scott worked on my case at different points, but I want to give a
special shout-out to Colleen (who handled the majority of my case) for being
so professional and prompt. Colleen is amazing, along with paralegal Noor, who
was also polite and prompt via email. Both Colleen and Scott are easy to work
with, ethical, and professional. I felt I had the best representation, and
while I was upset and stressed with the overall fact that I even had to retain
a lawyer, I was confident in Colleen to handle things; and she did. I wish all
the best to the Talkov team, including health and prosperity. This is the law
firm you want to represent you!

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

RICK JAMES

The process has been very smooth. Ferdeza was both thorough and attentive to
my needs. I thoroughly recommend Talkov Law.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Doug Bungert

My attorney, Nick Moss has impressed me with his friendly demeanor, experience
level and thoroughness while working with me on my case. I put my trust in him
and I have not been disappointed.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Helen Groves

Legal issues can be stressful and it really helps to find a knowledgeable,
confident and kind person to help me through this time. Nick Moss of the
Talkov Law Team was that great person for me and brought about a prompt ending
to my contentious property ownership dispute. I highly recommend hiring Talkov
Law.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

jeff clark

Nick did a fantastic job working through every issue to get to a resolution
that completely met our expectations.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Helen Groves

Legal issues can be stressful and it really helps to find a knowledgeable,
confident and kind person to help me through this time. Nick Moss of the
Talkov Law Team was that great person for me and brought about a prompt ending
to my contentious property ownership dispute. I highly recommend hiring Talkov
Law.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Teresita Diaz

Nick and the Talkov Law team brought about a wonderful ending to my partition
dispute and I highly recommend them.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Yves Halliburton

Nick Moss and the Talkov Law team used their knowledge and expertise to bring
about a wonderful end to my real property co-ownership dispute. Nick exhibited
impressive patience in the face of uncooperative parties to the lawsuit which
helped ease my anxiety associated with my lawsuit with confidence that justice
will prevail. Thank you Talkov Law Corp.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Pauline Dietz

Took longer then I had anticipated. Then again this is my first time. Thank
Ferdeza for being patient with me and David! I'd like to thank everyone at
Talkov Law for taking on my case. I had no money to put down a retainer. But
you all took my case anyway Thank you Jesus

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

jeff clark

Nick did a fantastic job working through every issue to get to a resolution
that completely met our expectations.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Fernando Maciel

Nick Moss and the Talkov Law team did a fantastic job helping me bring an end
to my co-ownership dispute. Nick demonstrated exemplary professionalism and
expertise. He's patient and great at communicating and translating legal
jargon. I highly recommend them and the Talkov Law team.

read moreread less

5 out of 5 stars

Erin Mendoza

Talkov Law is the most reliable and diligent with regards to getting things
done. They are very knowledgeable and helped me with my partition case. Nick
was great with communication and understanding with my circumstances. I would
definitely recommend them.

read moreread less

### Contact Us Today for a Free Consultation & Pay No Retainer

Call Talkov Law to discuss having your legal fees paid from the proceeds of
sale of your property and no money down

First Name (required)

|

Last Name (required)  
  
---|---  
  
|  
  
Your E-mail (required)

|

Phone  
  
---|---  
  
|  
  
A Brief Description of Your Partition and Co-Ownership Dispute Issue:
(required)  
Submission of this form does not create an attorney client relationship.
Please do not submit confidential information.  
  

### Awards and Recognition

### We Have Been Featured On:

Recent Blog Posts  

  * Can a Co-Owner Buy the Property in the Partition Action?

  * Unclear Ownership Interests on Deeds with Multiple Co-Owners

  * What is the Difference Between Joint Tenancy and Tenancy in Common?

Talkov Law Corp.  
info@talkovlaw.com  
(844) 4-TALKOV (825568)  
Mon - Fri 8:30 AM to 5:00 PM

Offices Throughout California

Los Angeles

Orange County

San Francisco

Riverside

San Diego

San Jose

Sacramento

Partition Actions Litigation

The information on this site, including the Talkov Law Blog, is intended for
general information purposes only. By using this site, you agree that any
information contained in the site does not constitute legal, financial or any
other form of professional advice. Information on this site may be changed
without notice and is not guaranteed to be complete, accurate, correct or up-
to-date.

(C) 2009-2024 Talkov Law Corp., a California professional corporation. |
Privacy Policy

Close

  * Partition Law
    * What is a Partition Action?
    * Partition Offsets and Accounting
    * Attorney's Fees in a Partition Action
    * Partition of Real Property Act
    * Partition Action Forms
    * California Partition Statutes
    * Quiet Title Co-Ownership
    * Litigation
  * Team
    * Attorney Scott Talkov
    * Attorney Olivia Dajee
    * Attorney Adeeb Djawad
    * Attorney Colleen Talkov
    * Attorney Katja M. Grosch
    * Attorney Ross Johnson
    * Attorney Natalie Myung
  * Locations
    * Los Angeles
    * Orange County
    * San Francisco
    * Riverside
    * San Diego
    * San Jose
    * Sacramento
  * Blog
  * About
    * Awards
    * Reviews
    * Future of the Law Scholarship
    * Careers
    * Press
  * Contact
  * (844) 4-TALKOV
  * Search

Search for:

