  * Home  * ServicesOpen menu    * Workers Compensation    * Employment Lawyer    * Personal Injury Lawyer    * Business Law Matters  * Meet The Team  * Blog  * Contact  * Do I Have a Case?  * EnglishOpen menu    * Spanish____  * Home  * ServicesOpen menu    * Workers Compensation    * Employment Lawyer    * Personal Injury Lawyer    * Business Law Matters  * Meet The Team  * Blog  * Contact  * Do I Have a Case?  * EnglishOpen menu    * Spanish# Let us fight for youFor your employment, workers compensation, or car accident personal injury lawyer needs in Los Angeles, reach out to the Law Office of Seydi A. Morales. Demonstrating unwavering commitment, Seydi stands ready to champion your personal injury and workers law claims, offering the legal assistance they rightfully deserve. Possessing comprehensive experience, each case is meticulously crafted with all necessary elements to achieve optimal outcomes.Whether its an individual or a business in search of legal support, the Law Office of Seydi A. Morales delivers top-tier assistance. Backed by specialized expertise, the team ensures proficient management of various legal cases. Clients can rest assured knowing that transparency and comfort are prioritized, with an assurance of no concealed fees.Book Free Consultation## OUR PRACTICE AREAS ### WORKERS COMPENSATIONI will help you get by the complicated rules, confidently answering your questions about workers compensation Law. Learn more### EMPLOYMENT LAWYERIf you have experienced unethical practices and approaches at your workplace, I will give you the legal support you need.Learn more### PERSONAL INJURY LAWYERYou are our priority, and I treat every case with sheer confidence and respect to give you the justice you deserve.Learn more### BUSINESS LAW MATTERSI come up with answers to all of your business law problems so you can concentrate on expanding your company.Learn more## How I Can HelpProfessionalism, integrity, and reliability stand at the core of my values. I work closely with clients to evaluate their needs and ensure the best legal outcome. I meticulously discuss your case with diligence and understanding for total clarity.My foundation as a lawyer is built upon expertise and transparency. Equipped with experience and legal acumen, I address your inquiries and provide sincere counsel with dedicated service.Speak With an Attorney### __How do I know if I need a personal injury lawyer?If you suffered damages and injuries (physical or psychological) in an accident, you may need legal help, and a personal injury lawyer can review your case to determine if you have a valid claim.### __How much do you charge?I charge a contingency fee, a percentage of the settlement amount, which means I only charge for a case we win.### __How long does it take to file a personal injury case?It depends on the case and the availability of the evidence. It can take as less as a few months or years, depending on the complicacy of the case.### __What is the statute of limitations for a personal injury case in California?For most personal injury cases, the statute of limitation is 2 years. So, ensure moving forth with the case quickly.### __Do I accept a settlement from the defendant?Not without consulting with your lawyer. You must ensure receiving adequate coverage for all your damages.## Why Choose Us**100+ Sustained Clients**We have retained every client we have worked with over the years and created a loyal clientele. We take pride in our ability to provide the most reliable solutions.**75+ Favorable Judgements**What makes us best than our peers is our ability to work honestly and only undertake cases we specialize in, delivering triumphant results.**Only Industry Professionals**Our boutique firm grows with the addition of our achievements. A small team of 3 legal professionals makes us efficient and committed to excellence.## Meet the Team### SEYDI A. MORALES, ESQ.Attorney### SEYDI A. MORALES, ESQ.Attorney### SEYDI E. TOLEDOHearing Representative### SEYDI E. TOLEDOHearing Representative### HERBERT ARRIOLALegal Assistant### HERBERT ARRIOLALegal AssistantLearn In Detail## Who We AreSeydi A. Morales founded the boutique law firm in 2019 with a small team of experienced employment, workers' compensation, and personal injury lawyer in California. With extensive specialization in diverse legal areas and a record of delivering rich-quality work, we are the "excel" in excellence.With a collective experience of over 70 years, we believe in developing and nurturing relationships with our clients. We provide optimal solutions without compromising cost efficiency. Every assignment is met with a passionate driving force and abilities.Get comprehensive legal services around consultation, litigation, and legal representation. A fast-growing and successful firm, our expertise and experience speak for themselves.Get Legal Advice## WHAT OUR CLIENTS ARE SAYING**Excellent**Based on **4 reviews**Kushal Biswas 2024-01-09She was not only professional and knowledgeable but also compassionate and understanding of my situation. I am grateful for her dedication and highly recommend her services to anyone in need of legal guidance.Layal Arikat 2023-10-16What truly sets Seydi apart is her unwavering commitment to her clients. She was responsive, accessible, and always willing to address my questions and provide updates on the progress of my case. This level of communication and transparency was invaluable, as it allowed me to stay informed and engaged in the process.Victor Taylor 2023-07-31Attorney Seydi Morales was great! She help us with all of our medical and made sure we got a substantial settlement. We highly recommend her. Thanyarat & Victor TaylorJohnny Contreras 2023-06-15Seydi constructed a letter for a seller that refused to leave after the closing of the loan. Her efforts and professional documents, really helped in removing the seller. While it was a difficult process, I could not have done it without her services. I would definitely hire her again. Shes tough, smart, and competent.## Contact NowName * First NameLast NameNumberEmail *Message *## Frequently Asked Questions### __How Long Does It Take To Settle A Personal Injury Case In California?Insurance carriers are required by California state law to settle claims within 85 days from the filing date.### __Can I Sue My Employer?Yes. If your employer violates employee rights, you can take legal action against them. Californian law forbids employers from violating wage and hour laws, harassing, or discriminating against you.### __What Types Of Injuries Can A Personal Injury Lawyer Handle?Personal injury lawyers handle a wide range of cases, including car accidents, slip and fall accidents, medical malpractice, defective products, work-related injuries, and more. They also handle cases involving emotional distress, pain and suffering, and wrongful death.### __How Long Does A Personal Injury Case Take?The length of a personal injury case depends on a variety of factors, including the severity of the injuries, the amount of evidence available, and the complexity of the case. Generally, cases can take anywhere from several months to a few years to resolve.### __How Do I Know If I Have A Valid Personal Injury Claim?It depends on the specific circumstances of your injury. Consult with a personal injury lawyer to evaluate the validity of your claim.### __Is There A Time Limit For Filing A Personal Injury Lawsuit In California?In California, the statute of limitations for filing a personal injury lawsuit is generally two years from the date of the injury.### __Will I Lose My Job If I File A Workers' Compensation Claim?It is illegal for employers to retaliate against employees for filing a workers' compensation claim. You have legal protections against termination or discrimination.### __Can I Choose My Own Doctor For A Workers' Compensation Claim?In most cases, you must seek treatment from a doctor authorized by your employer's workers' compensation insurance. However, you may be able to request a change of physician under certain circumstances.### __How Long Does It Take To Settle A Personal Injury Case In California?Insurance carriers are required by California state law to settle claims within 85 days from the filing date.### __Can I Sue My Employer?Yes. If your employer violates employee rights, you can take legal action against them. Californian law forbids employers from violating wage and hour laws, harassing, or discriminating against you.### __What Types Of Injuries Can A Personal Injury Lawyer Handle?Personal injury lawyers handle a wide range of cases, including car accidents, slip and fall accidents, medical malpractice, defective products, work-related injuries, and more. They also handle cases involving emotional distress, pain and suffering, and wrongful death.### __How Long Does A Personal Injury Case Take?The length of a personal injury case depends on a variety of factors, including the severity of the injuries, the amount of evidence available, and the complexity of the case. Generally, cases can take anywhere from several months to a few years to resolve.### __How Do I Know If I Have A Valid Personal Injury Claim?It depends on the specific circumstances of your injury. Consult with a personal injury lawyer to evaluate the validity of your claim.### __Is There A Time Limit For Filing A Personal Injury Lawsuit In California?In California, the statute of limitations for filing a personal injury lawsuit is generally two years from the date of the injury.### __Will I Lose My Job If I File A Workers' Compensation Claim?It is illegal for employers to retaliate against employees for filing a workers' compensation claim. You have legal protections against termination or discrimination.### __Can I Choose My Own Doctor For A Workers' Compensation Claim?In most cases, you must seek treatment from a doctor authorized by your employer's workers' compensation insurance. However, you may be able to request a change of physician under certain circumstances.Load More Load Less## Blog### Frequently Asked Questions on California Employment Law ViolationRead More### Frequently Asked Questions About Los Angeles Workers Compensation LawRead More### How Long Can An Employer Hold Your Paycheck After Termination?Read MoreView All## Blog### Frequently Asked Questions on California Employment Law ViolationRead More### Frequently Asked Questions About Los Angeles Workers Compensation LawRead More### How Long Can An Employer Hold Your Paycheck After Termination?Read MoreView All### You May Be Entitled to CompensationI will evaluate your case and tell you whether you have a case (FREE Evaluation)Name*Phone Number*Email*Brief Description of What Happened*Personal Injury  * Personal Injury Lawyer Pasadena  * Personal Injury Attorney Oxnard  * Personal Injury Attorney Woodland Hills  * Personal Injury Lawyer Burbank  * Personal Injury Lawyers Ventura  * Personal Injury Attorney San Gabriel ValleyWorkers Compensation  * Workers Compensation Lawyers Pasadena  * Workers Compensation Lawyer Los Angeles  * Workers Compensation Attorney Oxnard  * Workers Comp Attorney Woodland Hills  * Workers Compensation Attorney VenturaEmployment Lawyer  * Employment Lawyer Los Angeles  * Employment Lawyer Burbank  * Employment Lawyer OxnardFree ConsultationPhone: (818)293-1970Email: info@seydimoraleslaw.com______  * English  * Espaol (Spanish)Automated page speed optimizations for fast site performance