![Corona Law Firm, P.A.](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1502182/2021/04/corona_logo.png)

Do Not Wait. Contact us today | 305-521-9592

  * Home
  * About
  * Practice Areas
    * Civil Litigation
      * Credit Card Disputes
    * Criminal Defense
    * Estate Planning And Probate
    * Family Law
    * Foreclosure Defense
    * Condominium Property Damage
    * Immigration Law
    * Bankruptcy
    * Personal Injury
      * Motor Vehicle Accidents
    * Real Estate
  * Blog
  * Contact
  * Español

![Corona Law Firm, P.A.](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1502182/2021/04/corona_logo.png)

  * Home
  * About
  * Practice Areas
    * Civil Litigation
      * Credit Card Disputes
    * Criminal Defense
    * Estate Planning And Probate
    * Family Law
    * Foreclosure Defense
    * Condominium Property Damage
    * Immigration Law
    * Bankruptcy
    * Personal Injury
      * Motor Vehicle Accidents
    * Real Estate
  * Blog
  * Contact
  * Español

Do Not Wait. Contact Us today.

 305-521-9592

Providing The Effective Counsel You Deserve

Photo of the legal professional at Corona Law Firm P.A.

Providing The Effective Counsel You Deserve

![Group photo of the attorneys and staff of Corona Law Firm, P.A.](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1502182/2021/06/banner-mobile-small.jpg)

Photo of the legal professional at Corona Law Firm P.A.

  1. Home
 » About

# A Respected Law Firm You Can Rely On

At Corona Law Firm, we are proud of our history of excellent client service
and skillful representation. Established in 1997, we are well-known in the
Florida legal community.

People appreciate our professionalism, hard work and how we treated them with
care and compassion throughout their case.

Led by founding attorney Ricardo Corona, we take pride in the work we do and
the results we achieve. You can rely on us to take your matter seriously and
work tenaciously to resolve it, whether that happens through negotiation,
through mediation or at trial. Please see the links below to learn more about
our attorneys, their backgrounds and legal experience:

  * Ricardo Corona
  * Carolina Corona Jamiel
  * Ricardo M. Corona
  * Nina Tarafa
  * Zamir Cruz
  * America Alvarez

## Working Together As A Team

Many times a client’s case has issues that can have an impact in other areas
of the law. For example a domestic violence case may cause issues in a divorce
or child custody; A plea in a criminal case can impact immigration status; a
civil restraining order can impact gun rights; a professional license can be
impacted by a financial creditor judgement.

Because we practice in multiple areas of law, we are able to provide service
that not every firm can. When areas of law overlap, we work together to find
the strategy that is right for our clients. For example, our criminal defense
team works together with our immigration attorneys to find a resolution to
your case that does not negatively impact or affect family law or immigration
status; we have the means to represent people in both matters. Similarly, we
can help you with updates to estate planning documents after a divorce or
another family law issue. Or how bankruptcy can be used to restructure your
finances after an illness or other life altering events.

We are ready to assist you with the following legal matters:

  * Foreclosure and bankruptcy
  * Criminal and civil law
  * Personal injury
  * Family law
  * Immigration
  * Estate planning and probate
  * Employment law
  * Real estate law
  * HOA law
  * Mediation

## Are You Ready To Get Started?

Our attorneys and staff are bilingual and speak Spanish fluently. Please call
our Miami office at 305-521-9592 or _fill out our contact form_.

Do not hesitate to contact us. To schedule a free initial consultation, call
305-521-9592 or contact us online.

## Contact Information



6700 SW 38 Street  
Miami, FL 33155

**Miami Office Location**



904 S Andrews Avenue  
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33316

**Broward Office Location**



305-521-9592

## Get In Touch With Us

Review Us

LawPay

  * Follow
  * Follow
  * Follow
  * Follow
  * Follow

(C) 2023 Corona Law Firm, P.A. • All Rights Reserved

Disclaimer | Site Map | Privacy Policy | Business Development Solutions by
FindLaw, part of Thomson Reuters

