top of page

  *   *   *   *   * 

![iStock-1059774786.jpg](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/08ec0b_899424ed2d8c4a77abdbe61f6eabefa6~mv2.jpg/v1/fill/w_147,h_98,al_c,q_80,usm_0.66_1.00_0.01,blur_2,enc_auto/08ec0b_899424ed2d8c4a77abdbe61f6eabefa6~mv2.jpg)

![fulllogo_nobuffer.jpg](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/08ec0b_fbda7e32879a4b22bcdea20bbb65ef4e~mv2.jpg/v1/fill/w_95,h_95,al_c,q_80,usm_0.66_1.00_0.01,enc_auto/fulllogo_nobuffer.jpg)

# Bretz & Coven, LLP

## Attorneys At Law

# 212-267-2555

Introducing our law firm

# The Law Firm

 Founded in 1992

![1.jpg](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/08ec0b_3db9da0bd4104acf90651099f01bdcb9~mv2.jpg/v1/fill/w_147,h_98,al_c,q_80,usm_0.66_1.00_0.01,blur_2,enc_auto/08ec0b_3db9da0bd4104acf90651099f01bdcb9~mv2.jpg)

![BC1_edited.jpg](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/08ec0b_77edbfdf399f483082e37b692af1e18a~mv2.jpg/v1/fill/w_83,h_83,al_c,q_80,usm_0.66_1.00_0.01,blur_3,enc_auto/BC1_edited.jpg)

# Dedicated to Securing Your Future

# Bretz & Coven, LLP

## Our Vision

Our team of dedicated attorneys at Bretz & Coven, LLP are known throughout the
United States and in particular, New York, New Jersey and Connecticut for
enthusiastically taking on the cases that other lawyers turn down. When we
believe an injustice is being done, we are prepared to fight for our clients
all the way to the federal courts, and we have the record to prove it. Our
firm is rated Preeminent™ by Martindale-Hubbell® (the highest peer-review
rating for both ethics and knowledge), as well as listed in Super Lawyers and
Best Lawyers in the U.S.  Our team includes a former Trial Attorney for the
Legacy Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS), U.S. Department of
Justice. Because of our reputation in immigration law and deportation/removal
defense, other immigration and criminal defense attorneys often refer
difficult cases to us.  We love to strategize cases involving complex fact
patterns, the immigration consequences of alleged criminal conduct and fraud,
as well as those seeking to live here legally based upon family, employment,
talent, education and profession. Those non-citizens who have a fear of
persecution if returned to their native countries can feel at ease with our
experience in political asylum, withholding of removal and the Convention
Against Torture (CAT).  Minors who have been abused, neglected or abandoned
can rely on our record of working both the family and immigration courts to
secure a green card. Our staff speak more than 15 languages and we have three
offices:  
New York City, Bronx and Clark, New Jersey.  We offer in person, Zoom and
telephonic consultations.

![3_edited.jpg](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/08ec0b_10e96e0e866d480a8d06c1f2089f5c13~mv2.jpg/v1/fill/w_144,h_60,al_c,q_80,usm_0.66_1.00_0.01,blur_2,enc_auto/08ec0b_10e96e0e866d480a8d06c1f2089f5c13~mv2.jpg)

## Our Profile

A CONTINUING COMMITMENT TO JUSTICE FOR IMMIGRANTS



Our team of dedicated attorneys at Bretz & Coven, LLP are known throughout New
York City for enthusiastically taking on the cases that other lawyers turn
down. When we believe an injustice is being done, we are prepared to fight for
our clients -- in federal court, if necessary. Our firm is AV-Rated®
Preeminent™ Peer Review Rated by Martindale-Hubbell®, and our team includes a
former litigator for the Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS). Because
of our reputation in immigration law, other immigration attorneys often refer
difficult cases to us.

​

DEDICATION TO IMMIGRATION JUSTICE IN EVERY VENUE

​

Our work is not limited to the administrative process of immigration. While we
eagerly help individuals and families understand the process of obtaining
citizenship, New York residency or a green card, we consider complex cases to
be the strongpoint of our practice. Our attorneys have argued immigration
appeals in federal appellate courts and have had a statute declared
unconstitutional. We are dedicated to comprehensive immigration reform and
remain invested in the latest immigration legislation and rulemaking,
including deferred action. This allows us to advise our clients in New York of
the full range of options available to them:

​

  * Adjustment of status

  * Asylum

  * Available types of visas

  * Immigration Consequences to Criminal Convictions

  * Waivers

  * Removal defense

  * Special programs and treaties

  * Employment Based Immigration



CRIMMIGRATION

​

Crimmigration is where criminal law and immigration law are connected to each
other. Bretz & Coven has over 25 years of experience counseling non-citizens
and lawyers on the immigration consequences of criminal convictions and
alleged criminal conduct. The immigration consequences of criminal conduct can
be quite severe and often illogical. Sometimes a minor criminal matter can
result in detention without bail, deportation and removal, inadmissibility
(not eligible to enter or return to the U.S.) as well as denial of a green
card or citizenship.  Non-citizens facing a criminal matter or with past
criminal issues, should know and understand how that criminal history affects
them.  We offer full-service representation in such cases and can give a
detailed legal opinion regarding the immigration consequences of a non-
citizen's criminal history.

​

POST-CONVICTION RELIEF (NYCPL 440 MOTIONS)

​

Post-Conviction Relief (PCR) refers to motions that may lead to overturning a
conviction, changing the plea or modifying a sentence.  Once the immigration
consequences are known, a strategy may be employed seeking post-conviction
relief or a 440 Motion to change or modify that conviction. Bretz & Coven has
developed a focused practice in the New York City and New York State Courts
challenging convictions. Such changes to a conviction sometimes result in less
or no immigration consequences.  New York Criminal Procedure Law (NYCPL) (440
Motions) permits former defendants to withdraw a plea or attack a conviction
at any time based upon a defect in the proceedings or ineffective assistance
of the former lawyer.  Sometimes that defect or ineffective assistance of
counsel was that the defendant never knew the immigration consequences of that
plea.

​

REAL-WORLD INSIGHT IN EMPATHY

​

At Bretz & Coven, many of our staff members and New York City immigration
lawyers have gone through the federal immigration process before working with
our firm. We know what you are going through, and we want to help, whether you
want to know about the different types of visas or need to prevent
deportation. An attorney at our firm can explain what is happening at every
phase of your case in clear, understandable language and address your
expectations and concerns. A comprehensive strategy for your business or your
family lets you feel confident, as does our commitment to keeping you apprised
and moving the process forward in a timely manner.

​

With more than two decades of immigration law experience, we do not limit
ourselves to the mainline approaches. Instead, we evaluate your full array of
options and use our in-depth, practical knowledge of the system to get results
even if another lawyer cannot help you. Our thorough understanding of
immigration procedures -- both official and unofficial -- allow us to more
effectively help our clients navigate the process and avoid many of the
problems that can otherwise occur.

​

CONTACT ATTORNEYS WHO UNDERSTAND WHAT YOU ARE EXPERIENCING

​

We at Bretz & Coven, LLP understand how stressful and confusing the
immigration process can be, so we take special care to keep you informed and
comfortable. Contact our experienced immigration lawyers in New York City
today at 212-267-2555 or online for creative solutions to your complex
immigration problems.

Our Skilled Lawyers

Can Assist You With Your Immigration Issues

![Law---justice-logo-design-template-on-transparent-background-
PNG.png](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/08ec0b_4de2eaf41833476c9d6576c826f4005e~mv2.png/v1/fill/w_100,h_100,al_c,q_85,usm_0.66_1.00_0.01,blur_3,enc_auto/Law
---justice-logo-design-template-on-transparent-background-PNG.png)

### Crimmigration

![Law---justice-logo-design-template-on-transparent-background-
PNG.png](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/08ec0b_4de2eaf41833476c9d6576c826f4005e~mv2.png/v1/fill/w_100,h_100,al_c,q_85,usm_0.66_1.00_0.01,blur_3,enc_auto/Law
---justice-logo-design-template-on-transparent-background-PNG.png)

### Deportation Defense

![Law---justice-logo-design-template-on-transparent-background-
PNG.png](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/08ec0b_4de2eaf41833476c9d6576c826f4005e~mv2.png/v1/fill/w_100,h_100,al_c,q_85,usm_0.66_1.00_0.01,blur_3,enc_auto/Law
---justice-logo-design-template-on-transparent-background-PNG.png)

### Family Based Green Cards

![Law---justice-logo-design-template-on-transparent-background-
PNG.png](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/08ec0b_4de2eaf41833476c9d6576c826f4005e~mv2.png/v1/fill/w_100,h_100,al_c,q_85,usm_0.66_1.00_0.01,blur_3,enc_auto/Law
---justice-logo-design-template-on-transparent-background-PNG.png)

### Naturalization

![Law---justice-logo-design-template-on-transparent-background-
PNG.png](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/08ec0b_4de2eaf41833476c9d6576c826f4005e~mv2.png/v1/fill/w_100,h_100,al_c,q_85,usm_0.66_1.00_0.01,blur_3,enc_auto/Law
---justice-logo-design-template-on-transparent-background-PNG.png)

### Post-Conviction Relief  
440 Motions

![Law---justice-logo-design-template-on-transparent-background-
PNG.png](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/08ec0b_4de2eaf41833476c9d6576c826f4005e~mv2.png/v1/fill/w_100,h_100,al_c,q_85,usm_0.66_1.00_0.01,blur_3,enc_auto/Law
---justice-logo-design-template-on-transparent-background-PNG.png)

### Employment and Business Visas  
E / L / P / O Visas

![Law---justice-logo-design-template-on-transparent-background-
PNG.png](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/08ec0b_4de2eaf41833476c9d6576c826f4005e~mv2.png/v1/fill/w_100,h_100,al_c,q_85,usm_0.66_1.00_0.01,blur_3,enc_auto/Law
---justice-logo-design-template-on-transparent-background-PNG.png)

### LGBTQ Immigration Services

![Law---justice-logo-design-template-on-transparent-background-
PNG.png](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/08ec0b_4de2eaf41833476c9d6576c826f4005e~mv2.png/v1/fill/w_100,h_100,al_c,q_85,usm_0.66_1.00_0.01,blur_3,enc_auto/Law
---justice-logo-design-template-on-transparent-background-PNG.png)

### Waivers

![Law---justice-logo-design-template-on-transparent-background-
PNG.png](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/08ec0b_4de2eaf41833476c9d6576c826f4005e~mv2.png/v1/fill/w_100,h_100,al_c,q_85,usm_0.66_1.00_0.01,blur_3,enc_auto/Law
---justice-logo-design-template-on-transparent-background-PNG.png)

### Immigration Eligibility with Criminal History

![Law---justice-logo-design-template-on-transparent-background-
PNG.png](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/08ec0b_4de2eaf41833476c9d6576c826f4005e~mv2.png/v1/fill/w_100,h_100,al_c,q_85,usm_0.66_1.00_0.01,blur_3,enc_auto/Law
---justice-logo-design-template-on-transparent-background-PNG.png)

### U Visa

![Law---justice-logo-design-template-on-transparent-background-
PNG.png](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/08ec0b_4de2eaf41833476c9d6576c826f4005e~mv2.png/v1/fill/w_100,h_100,al_c,q_85,usm_0.66_1.00_0.01,blur_3,enc_auto/Law
---justice-logo-design-template-on-transparent-background-PNG.png)

### Special Immigrant Juvenile

![Law---justice-logo-design-template-on-transparent-background-
PNG.png](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/08ec0b_4de2eaf41833476c9d6576c826f4005e~mv2.png/v1/fill/w_100,h_100,al_c,q_85,usm_0.66_1.00_0.01,blur_3,enc_auto/Law
---justice-logo-design-template-on-transparent-background-PNG.png)

### Writ of Mandamus

## Our Partners

![Kerry William
Bretz](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/08ec0b_6898c64523ad4ec7a0b370271f82b108~mv2.webp/v1/fill/w_444,h_444,fp_0.41_0.44,q_90/08ec0b_6898c64523ad4ec7a0b370271f82b108~mv2.webp)

Kerry William Bretz

Partner  

![Eileen Collins
Bretz](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/08ec0b_868d0d9bf6034218ab63b44c521109e0~mv2.webp/v1/fit/w_444,h_444,q_90/08ec0b_868d0d9bf6034218ab63b44c521109e0~mv2.webp)

Eileen Collins Bretz

Managing Partner  

![Jules E_
Coven.webp](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/08ec0b_4e38a33358644435a4e4f6bb70aea7be~mv2.webp/v1/fit/w_378,h_378,q_90/08ec0b_4e38a33358644435a4e4f6bb70aea7be~mv2.webp)

Jules E. Coven

Partner Emeritus  

![Hector J_
Perez.webp](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/08ec0b_1f91331eb3714cdc87d712a7d65664e6~mv2.webp/v1/fit/w_371,h_552,q_90/08ec0b_1f91331eb3714cdc87d712a7d65664e6~mv2.webp)

Hector J. Perez

Associate  

![Website
Photo.jpeg](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/08ec0b_fe4aaee7a2064fe594d99859c85240aa~mv2.jpeg/v1/fit/w_373,h_472,q_90/08ec0b_fe4aaee7a2064fe594d99859c85240aa~mv2.jpeg)

Melissa L. Desgrottes

Associate  

![Dealal
Ahmed](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/08ec0b_a81f5e11f4664dd7ba5f2992e15beb05~mv2.jpg/v1/fit/w_371,h_423,q_90/08ec0b_a81f5e11f4664dd7ba5f2992e15beb05~mv2.jpg)

Dealal Ahmed

of counsel  

## Our Media

![](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/9c608a_46e148ae437440b7a28c2d6b621c912d~mv2_d_1950_1300_s_2.jpg/v1/fill/w_147,h_98,al_c,q_80,usm_0.66_1.00_0.01,blur_2,enc_auto/9c608a_46e148ae437440b7a28c2d6b621c912d~mv2_d_1950_1300_s_2.jpg)

## News & Updates of  
Bretz & Coven LLP

Department of State Visa Bulletin

https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/legal/visa-law0/visa-bulletin.html

EOIR Case Status Portal

https://portal.eoir.justice.gov/InfoSystem/Form?Language=EN

USCIS website

https://uscis.gov

Arrival/Departure Forms: I-94 and I-94W

https://www.cbp.gov/travel/international-visitors/i-94

# Contact Us

![BC1_edited.jpg](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/08ec0b_77edbfdf399f483082e37b692af1e18a~mv2.jpg/v1/fill/w_95,h_95,al_c,q_80,usm_0.66_1.00_0.01,blur_3,enc_auto/BC1_edited.jpg)

# Bretz & Coven, LLP

## Attorneys At Law

Mail

NEW YORK OFFICE



305 Broadway  
Suite 100  
New York, New York 10007  
Phone: 212-267-2555  
Fax: 212-267-2129  


THE BRONX OFFICE



930 Grand Concourse

Unit 1G  
Bronx, New York 10451  
Phone: 212-267-2555  
Fax: 212-267-2129

NEW JERSEY OFFICE

​

15 Brant Avenue  
Unit 8  
Clark, New Jersey 07066  
Phone: 212-267-2555  
Fax: 212-267-2129

## For the latest firm news and immigration law updates, subscribe to our
email list.

First Name

Last Name

Email

I agree to the terms & conditions

Subscribe

Thanks for subscribing!

![Best Law Firms - National Tier 1
Badge.png](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/08ec0b_b7af22fdbf63482897281340c673f455~mv2.png/v1/fill/w_142,h_142,al_c,q_85,usm_0.66_1.00_0.01,blur_3,enc_auto/Best%20Law%20Firms%20-%20National%20Tier%201%20Badge.png)

![Member
Logo_2021.jpg](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/08ec0b_6dd1176a98b640f7930b39f8177ec1b7~mv2.jpg/v1/fill/w_142,h_142,al_c,q_80,usm_0.66_1.00_0.01,blur_3,enc_auto/Member%20Logo_2021.jpg)

![Super
Lawyers.png](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/08ec0b_942f018697774bce80d9de85e38c5dc2~mv2.png/v1/fill/w_170,h_142,al_c,q_85,usm_0.66_1.00_0.01,blur_3,enc_auto/Super%20Lawyers.png)

![KBAVVO10.png](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/08ec0b_ff54b13c22cc49d586a1672f9a6fd136~mv2.png/v1/fill/w_184,h_142,al_c,lg_1,q_85,blur_3,enc_auto/KBAVVO10.png)

![Best Lawyers - Lawyer
Logo.png](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/08ec0b_e8ae61321e474afcb6b391941f4e95b3~mv2.png/v1/fill/w_63,h_19,al_c,q_85,usm_0.66_1.00_0.01,blur_2,enc_auto/Best%20Lawyers%20-%20Lawyer%20Logo.png)

![badge-
bbb-1.png](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/08ec0b_7bc53acf4e9f4f9ab33b1ddecfca56c8~mv2.png/v1/fill/w_51,h_31,al_c,q_85,usm_0.66_1.00_0.01,blur_2,enc_auto/badge-
bbb-1.png)

![Kerry_William_Bretz_PR_AV_250.png](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/08ec0b_c6788d0b3cef43f28780ff90df775292~mv2.png/v1/fill/w_59,h_17,al_c,q_85,usm_0.66_1.00_0.01,blur_2,enc_auto/Kerry_William_Bretz_PR_AV_250.png)

![Bannerkb.jpg](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/08ec0b_53c52d496fb34dbea5ed8603e2b443cc~mv2.jpg/v1/fill/w_99,h_37,al_c,q_80,usm_0.66_1.00_0.01,blur_2,enc_auto/Bannerkb.jpg)

![Banner.jpg](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/08ec0b_26e653ba4bf947f0a3b04244b6580bbe~mv2.jpg/v1/fill/w_99,h_37,al_c,q_80,usm_0.66_1.00_0.01,blur_2,enc_auto/Banner.jpg)

![Verisign-
Logo-e1368008165127.webp](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/08ec0b_554fa3d33211444fa864eae24ace1e91~mv2.webp)

(C) 2022, Bretz & Coven LLP. All Rights Reserved.

Created & Designed by... nyc-networks.com

Up

![whatsapp-logo-
main-696x348_edited_edited.png](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/08ec0b_8d9a168c68cd486a94cf1c7e90861a43~mv2.png/v1/fill/w_94,h_87,al_c,q_85,usm_0.66_1.00_0.01,enc_auto/whatsapp-
logo-main-696x348_edited_edited.png)

bottom of page

