  * Free Consultation: **(424) 348-8290** Tap Here to Call Us 

Calderone Law Firm Home

Free Consultation (424) 348-8290

  * Home
  * Firm Overview
  * Attorney Profile
  * Practice Areas
  * Resources
  * Successful Results
  * Contact Us

Premier Employment & Litigation Law Firm

* * *

 **Client Focused. Results Driven.**

Contact Us Now **For a Free Consultation**

Home

Firm Overview

# Firm Overview

**Manhattan Beach Employment Rights Lawyer**

Calderone Law Firm is recognized as one of the leading employment law firms in
Southern California. Attorney Vincent Calderone has more than 20 years of
experience fighting effectively to protect the rights of workers who have had
their employment and wage rights violated by employers.

 **Free Consultation * No Attorneys' Fees Unless You Recover Monetary
Damages**

No matter what your job circumstances are, you do not have to endure
discrimination or harassment in the workplace. It is illegal, but stopping it
requires stepping forward to take legal action for yourself, or as part of a
group who has suffered the same violations of workplace rights. Calderone Law
Firm lawyers understand the anxiety experienced every day by workers as a
result of illegal employment practices in California. If you have encountered
employment discrimination or harassment because of your age, sex, race,
religion, sexual orientation, pregnancy or disability, get the legal help you
need and deserve.

 _"Don't tolerate injustice on the job. Federal and state law is clear about
your rights. Bring your case to Calderone Law Firm in Manhattan Beach. I
respond with strong and vigorous legal action to help you recover the
compensation and justice you are entitled to." Attorney Vincent Calderone_

The firm is centrally located near LAX, with general office hours from 8:00
a.m. to 6:00 p.m. Weekend and evening consultations are available by special
arrangement. The firm offers a free consultation and represents clients in
employment litigation cases on a contingency-fee basis. You will not pay
attorneys' fees for services if the firm does not help you recover monetary
damages in a settlement or jury verdict.

 **Discrimination * Harassment * Wage And Hour Class Action Suits * Wrongful
Termination**

From offices in Manhattan Beach, Calderone Law Firm provides legal advice and
representation for employees in communities throughout the Los Angeles metro
area. Contact the office to arrange a free consultation with an experienced
Manhattan Beach employment rights attorney today.

**Contact Us**

Free Consultation **(424) 348-8290**

Name (Required)  Email (Required)  Phone (Required)

Message

Contact Us Now

**Practice Areas**

  * **Employment Law Overview**
  * **Employment Defense**
  * **Business Litigation**

2321 Rosecrans Ave #1265

El Segundo, CA 90245

Phone: (424) 348-8290

Located in Manhattan Beach and serving Los Angeles County including, but not
limited to: Carson, El Segundo, Gardena, Hawthorne, Hermosa Beach, Lawndale,
Lomita, Manhattan Beach, Palos Verdes, Palos Verdes Estates, Rancho Palos
Verdes, Redondo Beach, Rolling Hills, Rolling Hills Estates, San Pedro,
Torrance, and Wilmington. View More

  * Home
  * Disclaimer
  * Privacy Policy
  * Site Map
  * Contact Us

Firm Overview | El Segundo Employment Law Lawyers Calderone Law Firm

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of
Service apply.

Please do not include any confidential or sensitive information in a contact
form, text message, or voicemail. The contact form sends information by non-
encrypted email, which is not secure. Submitting a contact form, sending a
text message, making a phone call, or leaving a voicemail does not create an
attorney-client relationship.

Copyright (C) 2024,  Calderone Law Firm

Justia Law Firm Website Design



