Skip to content

________

##  Award-Winning Suffolk County Divorce Attorney, Open for Business

![Badanes Law Office](https://badaneslawoffice.kinsta.cloud/wp-
content/uploads/2017/09/logo.jpg)

Call Now (631) 239-1702

**David P. Badanes, Esq.**  
842 Route 25A, Northport, NY 11768  
405 RXR Plaza, Uniondale, NY 11556  
(By Appointment Only)

  * Home
  * Divorce
    * Divorce Options
    * Complex Divorce
    * Contested Divorce
    * Uncontested Divorce
    * High Net Worth Divorce
    * Child Custody
    * Child Support
    * Same Sex Divorce
    * Prenuptial Agreements
    * Asset Division
    * Father’s Rights
    * Mother's Rights
    * Spousal Maintenance (Alimony)
    * Divorce Mediation
  * Custody & Support
    * Child Custody
    * Child Support
    * Parenting Time
  * Bankruptcy
    * Chapter 7 Bankruptcy
    * Chapter 13 Bankruptcy
    * The Do’s & Don’ts of Bankruptcy
  * Other Practice Areas
    * Personal Injury Lawyer
    * Estate Planning
    * Virtual Estate Planning
    * Wills
    * Criminal Law
    * Intellectual Property
  * Ebooks
    * Parenting Ebook
    * Divorce Ebook
    * Prenup Ebook
  * Reviews & Blogs
    * Client Reviews
    * Blogs
  * About
    * Videos
    * Divorce FAQs
    * Child Custody FAQs
    * Press
    * Areas Served
  * Contact

## Don't Wait. Book A Divorce Consultation.

### A Suffolk County Divorce Attorney About 'You'. Divorce, your way. Don't
wait any longer.

Book Your FREE Divorce Consultation

![divorce lawyer Long Island](https://badaneslawoffice.kinsta.cloud/wp-
content/themes/badanes/assets/img/man-son.jpg)

## No Two Divorce Cases Are The Same.

### Get the best outcome. Work with a Long Island Divorce attorney who
understands your needs & wants.

Understand Your Options

![](https://www.dbnylaw.com/wp-content/themes/badanes/assets/img/man-son.jpg)

### File For Divorce

We are Open and we are taking on new Clients. Right now, you can file for
divorce by e-filing. The Courts and Judge will either hear your case by video
(virtually) or in the courthouse. All divorce documents can be filed with the
Clerk electronically. We will work with you remotely or in person at our
office. Book a free consultation.

Learn More

### Divorce Options

Learn about the divorce options you have on Long Island, NY. At the Badanes
Law Office, your needs come first. You will work directly with the Principal
attorney, receiving prompt, reliable, and attentive care to all matters of
your case from your initial consultation throughout the duration of your case.
At our firm, you never have to worry about working with younger, less
experienced attorneys.

Learn More

### Custody / Support

Custody of your children is one of the most difficult and emotionally charged
issues in your divorce. We provide the compassion, caring, and expertise to
represent you and fight for your rights To learn more about child custody and
child support, click on the link below. Or contact us to set up a free
consultation with David Badanes, Esq.

Learn More

# An Award-Winning Suffolk County Divorce Lawyer

Divorce is a difficult time, and you will face many important decisions. You
need a divorce lawyer in Suffolk County who understands that each divorce is
different. You should know exactly how your attorney is going to handle your
case and whether he is best suited to handle your divorce or not. David
Badanes, Esq. tailors what he does to every Client. If you are contemplating
divorce, watch our video below or contact us today at (631) 239-1702. **Ask
for your free consultation as well as a FREE financial consultation from local
financial advisors. Voted “Top Attorney” in the Divorce Category at AVVO.
Voted “Best Family Law Attorney” for Client Satisfaction by the American
Institute of Family Law Attorneys.**

Read More About Us

![](https://badaneslawoffice.kinsta.cloud/wp-
content/uploads/2017/09/video.jpg)

### Why More Clients Prefer The Badanes Law Office

#### **Call (631) 239-1702 or contact us to tell us about your case today.**

**A Divorce Law Firm in Suffolk County About ‘You.’ Divorce, Your Way.**

The motto of the Badanes Law Office is “The Law Firm with a Difference.” If
you are facing a divorce or a difficult family situation, you will find many
positive differences between our law firm and other firms, when looking for
the best divorce lawyer on Long Island, NY. Differences that will help you
obtain the best possible outcome in your case. Every case is unique. We take
the time to understand your specific needs.

You want an attorney with at least 10 years of experience, who primarily
handles divorce and family cases and has a high level of expertise in divorce
and family law matters. Also, since many divorce cases overlap with criminal
law matters it’s important that your divorce attorney also has experience in
criminal law.

**Work Directly with Our Principal Attorney.**

At the Badanes Law Office, we are prompt and we are professional. Unlike some
other divorce law firms on Long Island, where you never know which attorney is
handling your case, our Principal Attorney always works on your case. Our
attorney’s rates are also very reasonable and fair.

Suffolk County divorce attorney David Badanes has been described as:
Intelligent, Ethical, Reliable, Trustworthy, Prepared, Zealous, Attentive,
Available, and Detailed Oriented.

**Individualized Attention and Accessibility, From Beginning To End.**

We provide individualized attention to each client. The Badanes Law Office has
the experience, track record of success and passion for excellence in
representing our clients. For these reasons, we have successfully built a
strong reputation on Long Island and even stronger relationships with our
clients.

Clients are surprised how accessible we remain to them at all times and our
policy of a quick response time for all of their needs. You deserve a divorce
lawyer that answers your phone calls and emails in a timely fashion to give
you the continued assurance you need throughout your case.

### From Complex to Simple Divorce, we help you attain the best outcome for
your situation.

###

The Badanes Law Office has handled hundreds of complex and simple Suffolk
County, NY divorces, custody and family law cases. We have proven results. We
are seasoned both in and out of court to handle your divorce case, vigorously
providing effective legal representation. We are also experienced mediators,
helping you mediate your divorce with your spouse, out of the court system, so
that you can move on.

The Badanes Law Office will make sure you are prepared for court and trial (if
there is a trial). Whether you are going to have a contested or uncontested
divorce, David Badanes and the Badanes Law Office provides specific legal
advice for your particular needs. We represent your interests, provide quality
guidance both pre and post trial, and determine the best course of action at
all times.

**Schedule your FREE consultation today. Call(631) 239-1702 or contact us
here.**

![](https://badaneslawoffice.kinsta.cloud/wp-
content/uploads/2017/09/clientschoiceavvo.png)

![](https://badaneslawoffice.kinsta.cloud/wp-
content/uploads/2018/09/avvo-10-top-attorney-rating.jpg)

![](https://badaneslawoffice.kinsta.cloud/wp-
content/uploads/2017/09/10best.png)

![](https://badaneslawoffice.kinsta.cloud/wp-
content/uploads/2020/12/2020-family-law-top-10-firm-badge.png)

![](https://badaneslawoffice.kinsta.cloud/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/top-
lawyer-2021.png)

![](https://badaneslawoffice.kinsta.cloud/wp-content/uploads/2021/06/blue-
seal-200-65-bbb-87149033.png)

![](https://badaneslawoffice.kinsta.cloud/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/TA-BADGE-
NO-BACKGROUND-1.png)

### Common Divorce Questions Answered

####  What are my divorce options?

In general terms, there are three different types of divorces:

  * _**Contested Divorce:**_ You and your spouse cannot agree on the terms of your divorce. The divorce is presided by a Judge, yet, this doesn’t necessarily mean that there will be a trial. Less than 5% of actual divorce cases go to a full trial. In the other 95% of divorces, the parties will eventually settle the terms of the divorce.
  * _**Uncontested Divorce:**_ You and your spouse agree on ALL of the terms of your divorce. Typically, this option is used by couples that have no children and no assets.
  * _**Divorce Mediation:**_ This is where you and your spouse will go to mediation to work out all the terms of your divorce. This option is typically best used by couples that can work together in resolving their differences.

####  What 5 things should I do before filing for a divorce?

  1. _**Obtain copies of your financial statements.**_ You will need copies of your recent tax returns, bank statements, investment statements, insurance statements, deeds, wills etc. You should make at least two copies of these financial statements and have them ready for your attorney. 
  2. _**Prepare a budget.**_ You should prepare a detail budget, knowing that your spouse will no longer be contributing any income. 
  3. _**Living situation.**_ Obviously, after the divorce, you and your spouse will be living in separate residences. If you will need to obtain a new residence, you should research the market and determine how much it will cost you. If you will be remaining in the residence, you will have one less income and one less person to help with the household expenses and chores. 
  4. _**Take an inventory and photographs.**_ Take an inventory of all of the personal property, especially any property that you want to keep. It is also a good idea to take photographs of the personal property. Too many times, in a divorce, expensive jewelry or other items will “disappear”.
  5. _**Children issues:**_ If you have children, you need to decide what type of custody you want after the divorce and how much time you want with your children. If you want to obtain custody, then you should evaluate the pros and cons of why a court should grant you custody. If you will be paying child support, make sure you factor this into your post-divorce financial situation.

####  How can I make my divorce shorter?

Here is how you can help to make your divorce shorter:

  1. _**Cooperate with your attorney**_. If you attorney requests that you provide documents, then provide those documents. The longer you take to provide documents, the longer your divorce will take.
  2. _**Treat your divorce as a “business deal”.**_ Of course, a divorce is an emotional time, and if there are children involved, you must think of their best interests. However, when it comes to assets, debts and other financial aspects of your divorce, it is best to treat it like a business. Do not get caught up into the emotional aspects when dealing with assets. As just one example, when considering whether to keep, sell or give to your spouse some personal property, you must evaluate both the real cost of the item and the legal cost to fight for that item.
  3. _**Listen to your attorney.**_ If your attorney tells you to do something or not to do something, then it is wise to listen to that advice. Too many clients will “shoot themselves in the foot” and make things worse.
  4. _**Tell your attorney, the truth and the whole truth:**_ It is important that your attorney, knows everything, especially if it something that is negative or could hurt you. It is also important to tell your attorney all the facts as soon as possible. This will allow your attorney to plan a strategy to overcome the negative facts against you.

####  Five Mistakes To Avoid in Your Divorce.

  1. _**Using your friends and family for your legal advice.**_ When you are going through a divorce, many well-intentioned friends and family members will give you their advice. They typically will start by saying “In my divorce, I got …”. Although, they mean well, each divorce is unique and just because your friend “got” something, doesn’t mean that you will. 
  2. _**Not telling your attorney the truth or telling your attorney only “half the story.”**_ One of the worst mistakes you can make is not telling your attorney everything and/or not telling your attorney the truth. Invariably the true facts and the entire facts will come out. If you fail to tell your attorney everything, that will only put your attorney and your divorce in a bad situation. Indeed, if the Judge believes that you lied or that you are evading the truth, this will lead the Judge to believe that you are always lying. Even if the facts are embarrassing, you must tell your attorney all of the facts.
  3. _**Representing yourself.**_ No matter how much reading and studying of the law that you do, if you try to represent yourself, you will most likely will fail. First, you are too emotionally involved in the case. Your divorce needs someone who can separate the emotional aspects of your case from the facts of the case. Second, you will never be able to bring the years of experience that a seasoned attorney can to the case. As the saying goes, only a fool would represent themselves in a case. Third, your attorney will know strategies on how best to handle your situation.
  4. _**Using your attorney as your therapist.**_ Attorneys are trained in the law they are not mental health professionals. If you need a therapist, then you need to hire one. 
  5. _**Posting on Facebook (or other social media sites).**_ Clients will post all sorts of things on Facebook. Everything you say and post will be held against you. While you are going through a divorce, the best thing you can do, is to never use Facebook.

####  Child Custody: The Basics

In New York, there are three basic types of child custody:

  1. _**Sole Custody:**_ This is where the Mother or the Father has sole decision making about the upbringing and raising of the children. That person will make all the important decisions concerning the child’s life and does not have to consult with the other parent over these decisions. 
  2. _**Joint Legal Custody, With Residential Custody to One Spouse:**_ This is where the Mother and Father share decision making about the upbringing and raising of the children. However, one spouse will have "residential custody", which means that the children will primarily reside with that spouse. For purposes of child support, the parent who has residential custody will be the parent who receives child support. This is the most common type of custody.
  3. _**Joint Legal Custody, With Shared Physical Custody:**_ This is where the Mother and Father equally share decision making about the upbringing and raising of the children. In addition, both parents have equal time with the children (or at least very close to equal time). At least in New York, this is still fairly rare.

It is important not to confuse “custody” with “parenting time”. Custody,
primarily means who makes decisions for the child. While, parenting time
(which goes by many other names, such as “access time”, “visitation” etc.)
involves what time the parents have with the child.

####  Five Myths About Divorce

  1. **Child support ends at 18 years of age.** _This is False._ In New York State, child support ends at 21 years of age. There are some very limited exceptions, which your attorney can explain to you.
  2. **The house (deed) is in my name only, so my spouse doesn't own it.** _Probably False._ Typically, if you bought the house after your marriage, it doesn't matter that the deed is only in your name, you and your spouse will have equal ownership. There can be some exceptions, so you need to discuss this with your attorney.
  3. **My spouse had an extra-marital affair, so I will get more money for child support or maintenance.** _Almost always False._ Rarely does an extra-marital affair affect the amount of child support or maintenance that you will receive. Again, there are exceptions, and every situation is different.
  4. **Once the Judge hears my side of the story, the Judge will give me what I want.** _Almost always False.
Judges follow the law. More importantly, Judges rarely give you what you want
and there is the common saying, there is your side, your spouse's side and the
truth. In addition, Judges rarely hear your “side of the story”, as that
typically only happens at trial. Most divorce cases settle, and trials are
very rare. Even if there is a trial, you don’t get to “tell a story”, you
answer questions from your attorney. After that, your spouse’s attorney gets
to do cross-examination, where they get to put “holes” in your testimony.

* **Myth: The amount of child support that I will pay is based on my take-home pay.** _This is False._ You have your gross pay and then your take-home or net pay. However, the amount of child support that you will pay is not based on your take-home pay or on your net pay. The amount of child support is mostly based on your gross income, and usually you only get to deduct the amount that you paid in Social Security taxes and Medicare taxes. This amount will be a lot more than your take-home pay.

#### View more of our FAQ's here

![](https://badaneslawoffice.kinsta.cloud/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/book.jpg)

### Download our New York Divorce Guidebook Today

If you are going through a divorce in the Suffolk County or Nassau County,
Long Island area, you should know how to navigate the key issues surrounding
your divorce. This instant download is an excellent resource for you and is
free of charge. Download a copy of “New York Divorce Guidebook” here.

### What Our Clients Say

Praising Our Service and Results

__

__

“I went to another lawyer for my divorce and was told it would take 6 months
for it to be final. 3 years later, I decided enough was enough and went to
David to take care of it. David told me the divorce was not filed properly the
first time and that we would have to start over. We were told again it would
be done in 6 months. His knowledge of the process gave us the comfort that
this time it would be handled properly. After 6 months as promised, my divorce
was final without issues. We are so pleased to have an attorney who delivered
what he promised. David is very competent, and I would recommend him highly to
friends or family without hesitation.”

-John

“Mr. Badanes addressed my legal questions in a very clear and efficient manner
which greatly facilitated my understanding of the process. His guidance was
extremely knowledgeable and grounding. Mr. Badanes made a very difficult
situation manageable. I would highly recommend Mr. Badanes’s legal services.”

-Mary, Commack, NY

“David Badanes handled my divorce and the writing of my will. He handled
everything wonderfully. My divorce was fair and was completed very quickly. He
is very professional and handled all the delicate issues with care and
understanding. The entire process of divorce is upsetting, stressful and
unsettling but Mr. Badanes always put me at ease and made the process much
easier and everything ran very smoothly. I highly recommend David Badanes to
anyone who needs his services.”

-J.L., Lake Ronkonkoma, NY

“David, assisted me with a legal matter. Because of his experience and
attention to detail, the result was quicker with a greater settlement than
anticipated.”

-Jim

“Great experience. Very professional and attentive to all of my needs
throughout.”

-Matthew Z.

“Extremely professional and always takes great care of his clients. Badanes
Law office is very punctual and they give excellent personal service.”

-Bruce V.

“David is very attentive and dedicated to the details of his clients matters.
I always feel well taken care of with David Badanes by my side.”

-Mark W.

“Mr. David Badanes is a highly competent, knowledgeable and compassionate
Counsel. He was recommended to me by another Counsel who felt that Mr. Badanes
would be better suited to handle my divorce case due to some inherent
complexities like long-term marriage, joint property, assets, retirement
accounts and child custody and support issues. Mr. Badanes was very effective
in negotiating a fair Settlement Agreement, instead of going to trial. He was
extremely responsive and supportive throughout this arduous process. Even
after my divorce was finalized, he responded promptly to any follow-up
questions I had. I feel that I can count on him for his expertise and I highly
recommend him without any reservations.”

-S.M., New Hyde Park, N.Y.

“David is an excellent divorce attorney. He is reliable, trustworthy and
executes with speed. He successfully handled my divorce. He was able to make
recommendations and suggestions and my case moved along fast with no issues. I
have recommended David to others and will continue to do so.”

-Anonymous

“Making the decision to end my long-term marriage was very difficult. It was
important to me to find a lawyer who would not only provide accurate legal
advice and competent representation, but also be available for meetings and
responsive to my inquiries. I found Mr. Badanes to be all of the above. He did
a very good job of explaining the process of divorce, what to expect and,
where appropriate, he made suggestions for issues I hadn’t considered. Mr.
Badanes expertise and commitment kept the legal aspects of filing for divorce
on track which allowed me to focus on managing the emotional aspects of ending
my marriage. With Mr. Badanes’s help, my spouse and I have managed to come to
agreement on all issues and continue to maintain a very respectful
relationship as we move forward with raising our children. I feel confident
recommending Mr. Badanes to others for their legal needs.”

-E.K., Northport, NY

### Our Offices

**Suffolk County Location:**

842 Route 25A  
Northport, NY 11768

If you live in Suffolk County, our office is conveniently located in
Northport, close to the Long Island Expressway and the Northern State Parkway.

**Nassau County Location:**

405 RXR Plaza  
Uniondale, NY 11556

If you live in Nassau County, our satellite office is located at 405 RXR
Plaza, Uniondale, NY 11556 (Across from Nassau Coliseum).





###  Highly Successful, Highly Rated Divorce Attorney Serving Long Island

### Fill Out This Form To Schedule Your Free Consultation Today

I agree to be contacted with marketing and additional information from Badanes
Law Firm

  

When difficult legal situations arise, you need someone with experience on
your side. At the Badanes Law Office, we have the experience and excellence to
make a difference in your divorce or family issue. We provide: A firm
commitment to your case, whether it is litigated or uncontested;
individualized attention; Extensive knowledge of all divorce processes and
court proceedings; excellent references with highly successful results; and, a
personable, accessible, responsive attorney who is there for you when you need
it the most. Don't wait. Start planning your future. Call David Badanes today
at (631) 239-1702, or fill out our form, and we'll reach out to you!

__Contested Divorce  
__Uncontested Divorce  
__Child Custody  
__Separation  
__Post Divorce Issues  

__Asset Division  
__Pre-Nuptial Agreements  
__Divorce Mediation  
__Child Support  
__Orders of Protection  

### Recent Posts

  * ### How Does a Criminal Charge or Record Effect Child Custody?

December 4, 2023

How does having a criminal record effect child custody? What if you are facing
a criminal charge and trying to get child custody? In addition to the criminal
consequences that a parent may be facing, a criminal record or criminal charge
can significantly impact your custody case. Typically, the general rule that
the courts will […]Read More »

  * ### Strategies For Protecting Your Children During Your Divorce

July 25, 2023

Going through a divorce is a difficult process. When you have children, it
makes going through a divorce even that much harder. In the last ten to twenty
years, many people who are getting divorced are the children of parents who
were divorced. They have a first-hand experience of what a child goes through
when […]Read More »

  * ### Signs That Your Marriage Might Be Failing (From Divorce Lawyers)

July 25, 2023

If you ask divorce attorneys what are the signs or behaviors that might
signify that a marriage is failing, you probably will get the following
answers: Financial Issues – Especially “hiding” finances: Typically, the two
most common reasons people get divorced are: (i) financial issues and (ii)
adultery. If one spouse is not sharing the […]Read More »

  * ### The Impact of Divorce on Business Owners

July 25, 2023

In New York, if you or your spouse own a business (either in whole or in
part), then that business is subject to distribution during the divorce
process. For purposes of this blog, a “business” can be a corporation,
partnership, a sole proprietorship or any entity that is operated and earns
income. In analyzing the […]Read More »

##### Practice Areas

  * Divorce
  * Child Custody
  * Child Support
  * Bankruptcy
  * Estate Planning
  * Wills
  * Personal Injury
  * Criminal Law

##### Contact Us

__**Address**

**David P. Badanes, Esq.**  
842 Route 25A  
Northport, NY 11768

__**Phone**

(631) 239-1702

__**Email**

david@dbnylaw.com

__**Nassau**

**David P. Badanes, Esq.**  
405 RXR Plaza  
Uniondale, NY 11556

__**Fax**

(631) 651-2859

________

Badanes Law Office on Google

#### Recent Reviews on Google

Badanes Law Office

Rated 4.8/5 based on 68 client reviews on Google.

Copyright (C) 2019 Badanes Law Office. All Rights Reserved.

Attorney Advertising Notice | Privacy Policy Notice | Site Map

  * Home
  * Divorce

▼

    * Divorce Options
    * Complex Divorce
    * Contested Divorce
    * Uncontested Divorce
    * High Net Worth Divorce
    * Child Custody
    * Child Support
    * Same Sex Divorce
    * Prenuptial Agreements
    * Asset Division
    * Father’s Rights
    * Mother's Rights
    * Spousal Maintenance (Alimony)
    * Divorce Mediation
  * Custody & Support

▼

    * Child Custody
    * Child Support
    * Parenting Time
  * Bankruptcy

▼

    * Chapter 7 Bankruptcy
    * Chapter 13 Bankruptcy
    * The Do’s & Don’ts of Bankruptcy
  * Other Practice Areas

▼

    * Personal Injury Lawyer
    * Estate Planning
    * Virtual Estate Planning
    * Wills
    * Criminal Law
    * Intellectual Property
  * Ebooks

▼

    * Parenting Ebook
    * Divorce Ebook
    * Prenup Ebook
  * Reviews & Blogs

▼

    * Client Reviews
    * Blogs
  * About

▼

    * Videos
    * Divorce FAQs
    * Child Custody FAQs
    * Press
    * Areas Served
  * Contact

Book Your FREE Divorce Consultation

CLOSE

![](//googleads.g.doubleclick.net/pagead/viewthroughconversion/983424216/?guid=ON&script=0)

