![Sapir Schragin LLP | An Employment Law Firm](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1600975/2020/05/logo.png)

Call Today, We Can Help  
914-328-0366

  * Home
  * Firm Overview
  * Attorneys
  * Contact
  * X Close

Contact

Employment Law Attorneys Who Understand Both Sides

  * For Employees
    * Employment Discrimination
    * Wage & Hour: Overtime, Misclassification and Individual and Class Actions
    * Separation Agreements, Restrictive Covenants and Employment Agreements
    * Sexual and Other Harassment
    * Medical Issues, Disability Discrimination and Family Medical Leave
    * Whistleblower and Retaliation Protection
  * For Employers
    * Policy and Procedure Manuals and Employee Handbooks
    * Employment Agreements
    * Restrictive Covenants/Non-Competes
    * Department of Labor and Wage and Hour Compliance
    * Employment Discrimination Defense

During this difficult time, Sapir Schragin LLP remains open and committed to
servicing our clients. We are available for telephone and video conference
consultations and meetings, and remain committed to servicing the employment
law needs of employees and businesses throughout Westchester and the tri-state
area.

  * Home
  * Firm Overview
  * Attorneys
    * Donald L. Sapir
    * Howard Schragin
  * Events, Articles and Publications
  * Blog
  * Contact Us

  * For Employees
    * Employment Discrimination
    * Wage & Hour: Overtime, Misclassification and Individual and Class Actions
    * Separation Agreements, Restrictive Covenants and Employment Agreements
    * Sexual and Other Harassment
    * Medical Issues, Disability Discrimination and Family Medical Leave
    * Whistleblower and Retaliation Protection
  * For Employers
    * Policy and Procedure Manuals and Employee Handbooks
    * Employment Agreements
    * Restrictive Covenants/Non-Competes
    * Department of Labor and Wage and Hour Compliance
    * Employment Discrimination Defense

# Tri-State Employment Discrimination And Sexual Harassment Lawyers

## 50 Years of Combined Employment Law Experience

With more than 50 combined years of employment and labor law experience
representing individuals and employers, Sapir Schragin LLP is well equipped to
handle any employment law issue faced by our clients. Employment relationships
can be complex and there are countless federal, state and local laws governing
the employment relationship. The attorneys of Sapir Schragin focus on
employment law and we have the experience and expertise to lead you safely
through these difficult legal issues. The attorneys of Sapir Schragin LLP are
among the tri-state area's most respected employment attorneys, representing
every kind of claim and every compliance problem.

## Problem Solvers: Effective In Negotiation and Successful in Litigation

At Sapir Schragin, we're problem solvers. We've seen problems from both sides
of the workplace. That experience with both sides of employment law issues is
one of many things that help make us successful at achieving resolutions for
employees and employers without pursuing scorched earth tactics.

Few clients relish the prospect of spending years embroiled in litigation, and
for that reason, we may achieve your success in negotiated dispute resolution,
fully supporting your best interests and recognizing that a fair and
reasonable settlement, arrived at early, is often preferable. We have also
enjoyed great client success resolving disputes through the mediation process.
As attorneys we understand, however, that litigation is often necessary and
when it is, we have the experience, tenacity, work ethic and track record to
represent your interests and obtain an outcome favorable for clients. The
truth is that we take great pride in both our dispute resolution and
litigation abilities.

## Respected New York Employment Lawyers

We are widely renowned for representing individuals in employment disputes. We
represent individuals who have been discriminated against, who have been
wrongfully terminated, harassed, mistreated, who have not been paid properly
by their employers or who have received separation agreements or employment
agreements that need to be reviewed by an attorney. Vindicating employee
rights is at the heart of our practice, and we are passionate, dedicated and
skillful in our pursuit of our clients' best interests.

We are also respected for our representation of employers in administrative
proceedings and in litigation. We provide advice and counseling to our
employer clients to help them ensure compliance with applicable federal and
state employment laws and to help prevent them from being sued.

We believe that our experience representing individuals and businesses is a
valuable asset to all of our clients. Individuals can be confident that we
have a broad understanding of employment law, and deep insight into how the
other side thinks. Our clients should not be concerned where our allegiance
lies, it lies with the client. We use our experience and these insights to our
clients' benefit to achieve successful results.

Employers, for their part, can also benefit from our broad experience in the
employment law field. They want to put litigation and compliance issues behind
them and get back to business. They appreciate that our understanding of
employee issues gives them a powerful advantage in doing exactly that.

## For Help With Employment Issues, Call 914-328-0366

Satisfying clients who have been daunted or deterred by employment law's
complexity drives our success. Most of our clients come to us by
recommendation - whether by other attorneys who respect our competence, or by
other clients, many of whom have relied on us for straightforward legal advice
and representation over a period of years.

If you have been discriminated against in the workplace…

Or if you stand accused of discriminating against an employee…

You need a firm that grasps the complexity of employment law, and has
attorneys with a long and successful track record - Sapir Schragin of New
York.

* * *

Call the White Plains employment discrimination and sexual harassment lawyers
at Sapir Schragin LLP at 914-328-0366. Or write us using this online form.

## We Can Help You Contact Us Today

![Rated By Super Lawyers | Donald L. Sapir | SuperLawyers.com](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1600975/2020/05/sl-donald.png)

![Rated By Super Lawyers | Howard Schragin | SuperLawyers.com](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1600975/2020/05/sl-howard.png)

## Firm News

Sapir Schragin LLP has been ranked as Best Law Firm Tier 2 in Employment Law
Individuals in the White Plains metro area for 2017 by U.S. News & World
Report.

Partners Donald Sapir and Howard Schragin have been named to the 2016 Metro
New York Super Lawyers List for Employment and Labor Law

Partner Howard Schragin will be participating in a Webinar for the New York
State Bar Association Labor and Employment Law Section on December 1, 2016 at
12:00 – 1:00 p.m. on “Conducting Effective Employment Investigations.”

Howard Schragin will be participating on a panel review of recent Supreme
Court employment law decision at the NYSBA Labor and Employment Law Section
Fall Meeting in Washington D.C., September 23-24, 2016.

Howard Schragin will be a speaking at the Employment Law Institute on March
11, 2016 at the New York City Bar Association

## Office Locations

**Sapir Schragin LLP**  
399 Knollwood Road, Suite 310  
White Plains, NY 10603

### Phone:

914-328-0366

### Fax:

914-682-9128  
White Plains Office Location

![Sapir Schragin LLP | An Employment Law Firm](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1600975/2020/05/logo-footer.png)

914-328-0366

![Visa | MasterCard | American Express | Discover Network](/wp-
content/uploads/sites/1600975/2020/05/credit-cards.png)

(C) 2024 Sapir Schragin LLP • All Rights Reserved

Disclaimer | Site Map | Privacy Policy | Business Development Solutions by
FindLaw, part of Thomson Reuters

