_How can we help?_ (312) 258-9400

  * Our Firm
  * Our Attorneys
    * George W. Spellmire
    * Michael C. Bruck
    * Timothy J. McInerney
  * Experience + Practice
    * Reported Decisions
    * Presentations
    * Publications
  * Successful Results
  * Contact

# Our Firm

Home » Our Firm

Spellmire Bruck handles legal matters in the following practice areas: Legal
Malpractice, Professional Ethics, Accounting Malpractice, Insurance Coverage,
Medical Hospital Malpractice, Insurance Law, Personal Injury, and General
Litigation. We provide comprehensive and complete representation to our
clients. We have successfully defended lawyers who have been accused of
negligence or malpractice and have prosecuted lawyers whose negligence has
caused harm to their clients. We are uniquely qualified to advise and
represent our clients in ethics and professional responsibility, insurance and
litigation matters.  

  * George W. Spellmire 

Founder & Partner

George W. Spellmire has tried numerous legal and accounting malpractice cases
and has represented hundreds of lawyers, law firms and accountants from coast
to coast. He was recognized by the National Law Journal as one of the most
prominent professional malpractice lawyers in the USA and he has been included
since 1995 in editions of the Best Lawyers in America.Mr. Spellmire has been
AV rated by Martindale-Hubbell for more than twenty five years and is
identified among the Selected Leading Illinois Attorneys and Illinois Super
Lawyers in Legal Malpractice. He is a Member of the Society of Trial Lawyers
and a Fellow of the American College of Trial Lawyers.  
  
Mr. Spellmire regularly defends accountants, accounting firms, lawyers, and
law firms in disputes with their clients, and disciplinary proceedings
initiated by state regulators. He is a co-author of the national treatise,
Accounting, Auditing and Financial Malpractice, Harcourt Brace Professional
Publishing (1998) Supplement (1999). In addition, Mr. Spellmire is frequently
requested to provide expert testimony in lawyer professional liability
litigation.

  * Michael C. Bruck 

Founder & Partner

Michael C. Bruck is a partner of Spellmire & Bruck LLP. He has a wide range of
experience and focuses his practice on complex commercial disputes,
professional ethics, financial malpractice, and insurance litigation. Mr.
Bruck is “AV Preeminent” peer review rated by Martindale-Hubbell, reflecting
the highest peer recognition for ethical standards and legal ability.  
  
Mr. Bruck has more than 25 years of jury trial, litigation and client advisory
experience, handling hundreds of high-stakes cases in state and federal courts
throughout the United States. He has represented numerous clients in a range
of industries, including Toyota Motor Sales, USA, major professional service
firms, and Kemper Insurance Companies.

  * Timothy J. McInerney 

Attorney

Tim is a trial attorney focusing his practice on legal malpractice and
appellate work. Tim has represented a broad array of clients who have been
harmed by their attorneys' negligence, including Fortune 500 companies, start-
ups, and individuals. Tim has trial experience in Cook, Kane, and Lake
Counties, and has won appeals in the Illinois Appellate Court, First District.
Tim has also successfully represented attorneys before the Illinois Attorney
Registration and Disciplinary Commission and in the Circuit Court of Cook
County's Mandatory Arbitration Program.  
  
Tim joined Spellmire Law Firm as an associate in 2012 after earning his J.D.
from Chicago-Kent College of Law. Prior to law school, Tim attended Illinois
Wesleyan University where he earned his B.A. in History and Spanish.

  * Careers
  * Sitemap

Copyright ©2022 Spellmire Bruck, LLP. All Rights Reserved.

