![AF Monogram White](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-content/themes/abrams-
fensterman-theme/assets//images/logos/logo-af-monogram-white--lined.svg)

![White Phone Icon](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-content/themes/abrams-
fensterman-theme/assets//images/icons/ic-phone.svg)

![Abrams Fensterman Logo](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/af-logo.png)

  * Make a Payment
  * Contact Us

![Hamburger Icon](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-content/themes/abrams-
fensterman-theme/assets//images/icons/ic-hamburger-white.svg)

* * *

  * About Us
    * Our History
    * Locations
    * In Memoriam
  * Practice Areas
    * Appeals
    * Cannabis Law Group
    * Civil Litigation
    * Corporate & Securities Law
    * Criminal Defense, White Collar Criminal Defense & Government Investigations
    * Crypto Currency
    * Elder & Special Needs Law
    * Election Law
    * Employment Law and Litigation
    * Environmental, Land Use and Zoning
    * Estate Litigation
    * Divorce, Matrimonial, and Family Law
    * Government Relations, Litigation, Strategy and Representation
    * Guardianship Law
    * Health Care Fraud and Regulatory Enforcement
    * Health Law
    * Insurance Defense
    * Intellectual Property & Entertainment
    * Mental Health Law
    * No-Fault & Workers’ Compensations Litigation
    * Nursing Homes
    * OPMC Defense
    * OPD Defense
    * Real Estate Law and Litigation
    * Restructuring, Bankruptcy, and Creditors’ Rights Law
    * Transportation Law
    * Trusts & Estates
  * Attorneys
  * Media
  * FAQs
  * Careers
  * Contact Us
  * Search

  * About Us
    * Our History
    * Locations
    * In Memoriam
  * Practice Areas
    * Appeals
    * Cannabis Law Group
    * Civil Litigation
    * Corporate & Securities Law
    * Criminal Defense, White Collar Criminal Defense & Government Investigations
    * Crypto Currency
    * Elder & Special Needs Law
    * Election Law
    * Employment Law and Litigation
    * Environmental, Land Use and Zoning
    * Estate Litigation
    * Divorce, Matrimonial, and Family Law
    * Government Relations, Litigation, Strategy and Representation
    * Guardianship Law
    * Health Care Fraud and Regulatory Enforcement
    * Health Law
    * Insurance Defense
    * Intellectual Property & Entertainment
    * Mental Health Law
    * No-Fault & Workers’ Compensations Litigation
    * Nursing Homes
    * OPMC Defense
    * OPD Defense
    * Real Estate Law and Litigation
    * Restructuring, Bankruptcy, and Creditors’ Rights Law
    * Transportation Law
    * Trusts & Estates
  * Attorneys
  * Media
  * FAQs
  * Careers
  * Contact Us
  * Search

  * Make a Payment
  * Contact Us

![Close Icon](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-content/themes/abrams-
fensterman-theme/assets//images/icons/ic-close-white.svg)

* * *

* * *

![AF Monogram](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-content/themes/abrams-
fensterman-theme/assets//images/logos/logo-af-monogram-white--alt.png)

* * *

**Search**

![NYC Bridge looking Up](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-
content/uploads/2022/12/NYC-Bridge-scaled.jpg) ![taxi driving past radio city
in nyc](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-
content/uploads/2023/02/Group-2-1.png) ![NYC Bridge with
Flag](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/NYC-Bridge-
with-Flag-scaled.jpg)

**A** lways

* * *

**F** ocused

**F** earless

**F** or You

#  **A** brams **F** ensterman

Contact Our Firm

![view of NYC skyline](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-
content/uploads/2023/01/pexels-quintin-gellar-313782-scaled.jpg)

## About Us

Since 2000, Abrams Fensterman, LLP has provided exceptional legal service to
major corporations, small businesses, health care providers, real estate
developers, families, and more. With strong Brooklyn roots, our full-service
law firm has since branched out to serve New Yorkers from five offices
throughout the state.

Read More About Us

**Always Focused**

## Practice Areas

  * ![Civil Litigation Background](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/NY-Supreme-Court-600x428.jpg)

### Civil Litigation

  * ![Corporate & Securities Law Background](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/New-York-Stock-Exchange-555x450.jpg)

### Corporate & Securities Law

  * ![Employment Law and Litigation Background](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/employment-law-600x400.jpg)

### Employment Law and Litigation

  * ![Divorce, Matrimonial, and Family Law Background](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/family-law-600x400.jpg)

### Divorce, Matrimonial, and Family Law

  * ![Government Relations, Litigation, Strategy and Representation Background](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/government-relations-600x401.jpg)

### Government Relations, Litigation, Strategy and Representation

  * ![Guardianship Law Background](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/guardianship-law-290x450.jpg)

### Guardianship Law

  * ![Health Law Background](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/Screen-Shot-2022-11-28-at-3.07.54-PM-600x410.png)

### Health Law

  * ![Insurance Defense Background](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/lady-justice-holding-scales-600x400.jpg)

### Insurance Defense

  * ![Mental Health Law Background](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/pexels-cottonbro-studio-4101143-600x400.jpg)

### Mental Health Law

  * ![No-Fault & Workers’ Compensations Litigation Background](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/pexels-mikael-blomkvist-8961551-600x400.jpg)

### No-Fault & Workers' Compensations Litigation

  * ![Nursing Homes Background](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/pexels-matthias-zomer-339619-600x338.jpg)

### Nursing Homes

  * ![OPD Defense Background](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/lady-justice-holding-scales-600x400.jpg)

### OPD Defense

  * ![OPMC Defense Background](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/pexels-rdne-stock-project-6129043-600x400.jpg)

### OPMC Defense

  * ![Real Estate Law and Litigation Background](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/pexels-binyamin-mellish-106399-600x400.jpg)

### Real Estate Law and Litigation

  * ![Transportation Law Background](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/transportation-law-hero_rsz-490x450.jpg)

### Transportation Law

  * ![Trusts & Estates Background](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/pexels-ekaterina-bolovtsova-6077861-600x400.jpg)

### Trusts & Estates

All Practice Areas

![Timeline Anchor Image](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-
content/themes/abrams-fensterman-theme/assets//images/logos/logo-af-monogram-
white--alt.png)

Local Respect,  
State-Wide Reach

We stress delivering the best results for our clients, all while providing
concierge-level service. Our success depends on true collaboration with our
clients and employing innovative strategies to ensure our clients’ legal needs
are met. We serve as trusted advisers who are available to provide experienced
counsel whenever the client may need it. Always a phone call or email away,
our lawyers are true partners in every sense of the word.

Meet Our Team

Always Fearless

## Our Mission

Our principal goals are to provide the highest quality legal services
available anywhere, be an instrumental part of each client’s success, and
recruit, retain and advance the brightest legal talent. We seek long-term,
partnering relationships with clients, to the end of providing the best total
solution to their legal needs.

**Always For You**

## History

* * *

![Left Nav Arrow](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-content/themes/abrams-
fensterman-theme/assets//images/icons/ic-caret-left--white.svg) ![Right Nav
Arrow](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-content/themes/abrams-fensterman-
theme/assets//images/icons/ic-caret-right--white.svg)

* * *

**2000**

Abrams Fensterman, LLP Was Founded  Read More

**2002**

Matrimonial Practice is Added  Read More

**2007**

Mental Health Law Practice is Added  Read More

**2011**

Abrams Fensterman Opens Brooklyn Office  Read More

**2016**

Lake Success Headquarters and One Metro Tech Center Brooklyn Office Open  Read
More

**2018**

Abrams Fensterman Tops Long Island Business News Law Firm List  Read More

**2020**

Expansion of Insurance Defense Group and White Plains Office Opens  Read More

**2021**

Albany Office Opens  Read More

**2022**

Expansion of Rochester and White Plains Offices  Read More

![Post Thumbnail Image](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-
content/uploads/2023/10/SuperLawyers-2023-1024x735.jpg)

## News

### Congratulations to our 2023 Super Lawyers & Rising Stars!

Congratulations to our 32 Abrams Fensterman attorneys who are named on the New
York Super Lawyers and Rising Stars lists by Super Lawyers.

10/03/2023

Read More

All News

## Thought Leadership

  * ![Howard Fensterman | Long Island Press October 2023 Op-Ed  Thumbnail](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/UntitedPoliticians-1024x683.jpg) Read More 

### Howard Fensterman | Long Island Press October 2023 Op-Ed

* * *

Health Law

11/15/2023

Read More

  * ![Letter Signed by New York Law Firms Addresses Antisemitism on College Campuses Thumbnail](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/pexels-stanley-morales-1454360-1024x683.jpg) Read More 

### Letter Signed by New York Law Firms Addresses Antisemitism on College
Campuses

* * *

11/15/2023

Read More

  * ![Howard Fensterman | Long Island Press November 2023 Op-Ed  Thumbnail](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/UntitedPoliticians-1024x683.jpg) Read More 

### Howard Fensterman | Long Island Press November 2023 Op-Ed

* * *

Health Law

11/15/2023

Read More

Show All

## Publications

  * ![](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/courtroom-g6f4f7f42a_1920-1024x771.jpg)

The Ethics of Dealing with Capacity and Mental Health Issues in the Practice
of Law - CLE - Carolyn Reinach Wolf

Lawyers should be familiar with the signs of “diminished capacity” that may be
apparent when meeting with a client and how to address such a situation.

![White Up Icon](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-content/themes/abrams-
fensterman-theme/assets//images/icons/ic-arrow-diag-up-white.svg)

  * ![](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/pexels-pixabay-207662-1024x683.jpg)

Goldfeder’s Modern Election Law, 6th Edition - David Imamura Co-Author

Many members of the bench and bar have come to rely on this book and earlier
editions have received positive reviews in the New York Times, New York Law
Journal, the New York State Bar Journal, Ballot Access News, and the Election
Law Journal.

![White Up Icon](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-content/themes/abrams-
fensterman-theme/assets//images/icons/ic-arrow-diag-up-white.svg)

  * ![](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/pexels-stanley-morales-1454360-1024x683.jpg)

September Is Back to School But Also Suicide Awareness Month - Psychology
Today - Carolyn Reinach Wolf

While September is known primarily as back-to-school month, it is also on the
calendar for Suicide Awareness, an appropriate overlap especially given last
fall’s declaration that children’s mental health was—and still is—a national
emergency.

![White Up Icon](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-content/themes/abrams-
fensterman-theme/assets//images/icons/ic-arrow-diag-up-white.svg)

Show All

## Our Locations

  * ### Long Island

3 Dakota Drive

Suite 300

Lake Success, NY 11042

**Tel: (516) 328-2300** **Fax: (516) 328-6638**

Get Directions

  * ### Brooklyn Metrotech

1 MetroTech Center

Suite 1701

Brooklyn, NY 11201

**Tel: (718) 215-5300** **Fax: (718) 215-5304**

Get Directions

  * ### White Plains

81 Main Street

Suite 400

White Plains, NY 10601

**Tel: (914) 607-7010** **Fax: (914) 607-3595**

Get Directions

  * ### Albany

54 State Street

Suite 803

Albany, NY 12207

**Tel: (518) 535-9477** **Fax: (518) 535-9476**

Get Directions

  * ### Rochester

2280 East Avenue

First Floor

Rochester, NY 14610

**Tel: (585) 218-9999** **Fax: (585) 218-0562**

Get Directions

![AF Blue Monogram Logo](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-
content/themes/abrams-fensterman-theme/assets//images/logos/logo-af-monogram-
blue.svg)

**Always For You**

## Newsletter

Subscribe to receive our latest news and information

Email

Top ![Up to Top Icon](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-content/themes/abrams-
fensterman-theme/assets/images/icons/ic-arrow-diag-up-blue.svg)

![Abrams Fensterman Logo](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/af-logo.png)

  * About Us
  * Practice Areas
  * Attorneys
  * Media
  * Contact Us

**Follow Us**

  * ![facebook icon](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-content/themes/abrams-fensterman-theme/assets/images/icons/ic-facebook.svg)
  * ![twitter icon](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-content/themes/abrams-fensterman-theme/assets/images/icons/ic-twitter.svg)
  * ![linkedin icon](https://s390w3lc.cdn.imgeng.in/wp-content/themes/abrams-fensterman-theme/assets/images/icons/ic-linkedin.svg)

Attorney Advertising - Prior results do not guarantee a similar outcome.

Abrams Fensterman LLP © 2023. All Rights Reserved.

  * Terms and Conditions
  * Privacy Policy

