![The Price Law Firm NYC](//images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/5d9c91dfab32172fb97e77ee/1570543629043-AUCOKORDX09QA3EV0O88/logo-
HD-Transparent.png?format=1500w)

Home

About

Residential

Landlord-Tenant Law

Rent Stabilization & Rent Control

Rent Control/Stabilization Succession

Apartment Deregulation & Substantial Rehabilitation

Co-Op & Condo Disputes

Rent Overcharge, J51 Cases & TPU Audits

Security Deposits

Real Estate Closings

Real Estate Administrative Hearings

Holdover Proceedings/Eviction

Commercial

Commercial Leasing

Commercial Real Estate Litigation

Commercial Landlord/Tenant Disputes

Lease Audit Litigation

Yellowstone Injunction

Adverse Possession

Contact

Pay Invoice

News

☎ Free Consultation (212) 675-1125

![The Price Law Firm NYC](//images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/5d9c91dfab32172fb97e77ee/1570543629043-AUCOKORDX09QA3EV0O88/logo-
HD-Transparent.png?format=1500w)

Home

About

Residential

Landlord-Tenant Law

Rent Stabilization & Rent Control

Rent Control/Stabilization Succession

Apartment Deregulation & Substantial Rehabilitation

Co-Op & Condo Disputes

Rent Overcharge, J51 Cases & TPU Audits

Security Deposits

Real Estate Closings

Real Estate Administrative Hearings

Holdover Proceedings/Eviction

Commercial

Commercial Leasing

Commercial Real Estate Litigation

Commercial Landlord/Tenant Disputes

Lease Audit Litigation

Yellowstone Injunction

Adverse Possession

Contact

Pay Invoice

News

☎ Free Consultation (212) 675-1125

# About Our Firm

Passion. Experience. Diligence.

# New York Real Estate Attorneys

### Experienced Legal Advice in Transactions and Litigation

The Price Law Firm covers the full range of client needs in  our New York real
estate practice. We handle condo and co-op sales, rent control tenant
succession disputes, commercial leasing, mortgage workouts and any other
project, transaction or dispute that relates to real property.

Contact our office in Manhattan to learn more about the scope of our practice
and our client service values. Call (212) 675-1125 for a free consultation.

### Manhattan Real Property Attorney

New York real estate attorney Joshua C. Price has concentrated on real estate
law from his entry into the profession in 1997. His ability to integrate a
solid practical understanding of local real estate markets and business
practices with sound negotiation and litigation strategies benefits both
residential and commercial clients on either side of a transaction.

His thorough preparation and energetic advocacy in litigation has won him a
reputation as a formidable courtroom lawyer. His insights into the practical
application of New York real property law makes him a valuable lecturer and
seminar leader in continuing legal education programs.

Our law firm is fully committed to individualized client service in all
engagements, no matter what side of the case we’re on or who our client
happens to be. We know that each client expects and requires ready access to
the attorney who is handling the case, and we pride ourselves on our ability
to respond to client questions and concerns promptly.

We advise clients in real estate matters throughout the five boroughs and Long
Island.

For more information about the range of our work and the way we deliver
results for our clients, contact The Price Law Firm in Manhattan. Call (212)
675-1125 for a free consultation.



# Get in touch

We at The Price Law Firm know that finding the right attorney to represent you
is a choice not to be taken lightly. That’s why we offer consultations to walk
you through your needs, the scope of your goals, and your budget.

### Book an appointment ▸





# Attorneys





![](https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/5d9c91dfab32172fb97e77ee/1570551535951-R726S861UKM2UQXCMTW0/67632221_3302408739772943_3537793282161508352_o.jpg)

### founder

## Joshua C. Price

Joshua Clinton Price, founder of The Price Law Firm LLC, specializes in
complex civil litigation. For two decades Price has been litigating on behalf
of grateful clients in the courts of the State of New York. Price has
represented clients in disputes arising out of leasing transactions,
complicated disputes over net leases, in actions to quiet title, commercial
holdover proceedings, non payment proceedings, lucrative property damage
actions, owner use proceedings, non-primary residence proceedings and illegal
alteration proceedings.

### Contact Information

  *  **Location:** New York, NY

  *  **Phone:** (212) 675-1125

  *  **Fax:** (212) 202-4697

### Background

Josh Price is the rare attorney who is not just a forceful advocate in a
courtroom but is as well known for his power of persuasion in the briefs,
motions and legal memoranda that he submits to the many judges before whom he
appears. Price regularly appears in the trial and appellate courts in New
York. In addition to being admitted before the trial and appellate courts in
New York he is also admitted to the United States District Court and the
Supreme Court of the United States.

Price has also been invited to teach continuing legal education cases to other
attorneys at the New York County Lawyers Association. Attorneys are required
to take continuing legal education classes as a condition of maintaining their
license to practice law. Several times Price has been on the faculty of
seminars at the New York County Lawyers Association attended by attorneys who
received continuing legal education credits as a result of listening to Josh’s
lectures.

Josh Price was a partner in two well-known law firms that specialize in real
estate litigation, leaving to form Lipsig & Price, PLLC in 2008. In January
2011, Price founded the The Price Law Firm LLC. Josh Price is a lawyer who is
sought by clients with complicated cases because of his extensive knowledge of
the law and his ability to help the law evolve.



## Education

Hofstra University School of Law, Hempstead, New York

## Areas of Practice

  * Residential & Commercial Real Estate Litigation

  * Landlord/Tenant Law

  * Rent Regulation Law

## Bar Admissions

  * State of New York (1997)

  * U.S. District Court

  * U.S. Supreme Court







* * *







![](https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/5d9c91dfab32172fb97e77ee/1570551677939-690R5FVPB0M6N9387M81/67343484_3266420356705115_7604389354487676928_o.jpg)

### PARTNER

## Heather Ticotin

Heather Ticotin practices all aspects of commercial litigation, including
drafting and arguing motions, conducting discovery, negotiating settlements,
and appearing in court.

Ticotin also represents clients in a variety of landlord-tenant matters,
including holdover and non-payment proceedings, rent overcharge cases, and
lease agreements.

### Contact Information

  *  **Location:** New York, NY

  *  **Phone:** (212) 675-1125

  *  **Fax:** (212) 202-4697

### Background

Heather Ticotin started working at The Price Law Firm LLC in May 2012 as a law
clerk and officially joined the firm as an associate in May 2013.

Heather Ticotin became a partner at The Price Law Firm LLC in early 2020.



## Education

Heather Ticotin earned her Juris Doctor from Brooklyn Law School and her
bachelor’s degree with honors from the University of Albany.

## Areas of Practice

  * Commercial Litigation

  * Landlord/Tenant Law

## Bar Admissions

•State of New York (2013)





* * *







![](https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/5d9c91dfab32172fb97e77ee/1604774779988-8W1GMX2DD8G7PNTJK6AD/John+Churneftsky.jpg)

### PARTNER

## John M. Churneftsky

John Churneftsky is a partner in the The Price Law Firm LLC. John serves
clients throughout Manhattan, Brooklyn, Queens, Westchester, and Long Island.
His years of experience has enabled him to form hundreds of connections with
other real estate professionals, including real estate brokers, mortgage
professionals, home inspectors/engineers, architects, tax specialists and 1031
intermediaries to offer you all comprehensive services for your residential
and commercial transactions.

### Contact Information

  *  **Location:** New York, NY

  *  **Phone:** (212) 675-1125

  *  **Fax:** (212) 202-4697

### Background

John Churneftsky handles all residential co-op, condominium and home closings,
along with all forms of commercial transactions involving the purchase, sale
and financing of properties and developments. He has extensive experience in
negotiating and drafting residential, store, office, retail, triple net, and
loft leases on behalf of both owners/developers and tenants. John serves as
closing agent for co-ops throughout Manhattan, Queens and Brooklyn and also
serves as institutional lending counsel for a number of lenders. He has years
of experience representing lenders in all types of transactions, including
residential and commercial closings, document preparation to ensure that the
client’s rights are fully protected and in all aspects of lending
transactions.

John also represents and assists his clients in all aspects of business
formation, management and development, ranging from the creation of a new
entity to the sale or purchase of an ongoing business enterprise. John has
assisted his clients with contract review and negotiation, employment
agreements, shareholder and buy-sell agreements, leases, property acquisitions
and compliance with legal and business formalities. John is also well-versed
in representing clients in all forms of business transactions, small and
large.

John has many years of experience representing owners of laundromats in the
Manhattan, Brooklyn, Queens, Bronx, Westchester and all of Long Island. John
has handled countless purchases and sales of existing laundromats, negotiation
of leases with landlords for use and occupancy of new laundromats, assisted
with the obtaining of financing and the formation of business entities for the
operation of laundromat businesses. John’s years of experience in this area
has enabled him to form hundreds of connections with laundromat appraisers,
financial analysts, specialty lenders and equipment suppliers enabling John to
better serve his clients in this niche area of representation.

John also has extensive experience litigating civil, commercial and real
estate matters in the New York Supreme Court and Civil Court. He has
prosecuted and is well-versed in all landlord-tenant matters including non-
primary residence, sublet and assignment, succession, illusory tenancy and
Yellowstone injunctions. He has substantial knowledge and training in other
areas, including second-hand smoke nuisance litigation, defamation, libel,
Surrogate’s Court proceedings, and enforcement of by-laws and restrictive
covenants in homeowners’ and property owners’ associations.

John also has knowledge, understanding and familiarity with rent control law,
rent stabilization and rent regulation and has handled rent overcharge,
service complaints, luxury deregulation and Major Capital Improvement (MCI)
rent increase applications before the Division of Housing and Community
Renewal (DHCR).

His practice areas also include estate planning, trusts and estate
administration.

He is a contributor to real estate law publications such as Landlord v. Tenant
and Apartment Law Insider and has been published in the New York Journal.

## Areas of Practice

  * Commercial Real Estate Law

  * Landlord/Tenant Law

  * Business Law

## Bar Admissions

  * State of New York (1997)

  * U.S. District Court

  * U.S. Supreme Court

## Education

Hofstra University School of Law, Hempstead, New York



* * *

## Email or Call for a FREE Legal Consultation: (212) 675-1125

* * *

## Licensed in New York State



![](https://images.squarespace-
cdn.com/content/v1/5d9c91dfab32172fb97e77ee/1570551763788-WHIYORYUDGC3OA8T4DVR/logo-
HD-Transparent.png)

* * *

home | about | contact | pay invoice

Phone: (212) 675-1125 | jprice@thepricelawfirmllc.com  
1115 Broadway, Suite 1053, New York, NY 10010  
2565 North Jerusalem Road, East Meadow, NY 11554



The Price Law Firm LLC offers comprehensive service in a limited range of
practice areas to give clients first-class representation in all aspects of
New York real property law and litigation.

disclaimer | attorney advertising



