Skip to content

![](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=NjU1Ojg2Mg==-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMzIzMCA5NzYiIHdpZHRoPSIzMjMwIiBoZWlnaHQ9Ijk3NiIgeG1sbnM9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzIwMDAvc3ZnIj48L3N2Zz4=)

Call Now (212) 729-4090

  * Real Estate
    * Residential Real Estate
      * New York Residential Real Estate
      * Manhattan Residential Real Estate
    * Commercial Real Estate
      * New York Commercial Real Estate
      * Manhattan Commercial Real Estate
    * Properties
      * Co-Ops
      * Condos
      * Houses
      * Townhomes
    * International Real Estate Transactions
  * Business Law
  * Insurance Litigation
    * Insurance Law
    * Personal Injury
  * About
    * Practice Areas
      * Tech Startups Law
      * International Client Services
      * Information Technology (IT) Law Firm
    * Offices
      * New York City
      * The Hamptons
      * Westchester
      * Queens
      * Brooklyn
      * Long Island
      * Staten Island
      * Bronx
    * Team
    * Press
  * Resources
    * Blog
    * Testimonials
  * Contact

____ Menu

  * Real Estate
    * Residential Real Estate
      * New York Residential Real Estate
      * Manhattan Residential Real Estate
    * Commercial Real Estate
      * New York Commercial Real Estate
      * Manhattan Commercial Real Estate
    * Properties
      * Co-Ops
      * Condos
      * Houses
      * Townhomes
    * International Real Estate Transactions
  * Business Law
  * Insurance Litigation
    * Insurance Law
    * Personal Injury
  * About
    * Practice Areas
      * Tech Startups Law
      * International Client Services
      * Information Technology (IT) Law Firm
    * Offices
      * New York City
      * The Hamptons
      * Westchester
      * Queens
      * Brooklyn
      * Long Island
      * Staten Island
      * Bronx
    * Team
    * Press
  * Resources
    * Blog
    * Testimonials
  * Contact

![](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=ODIzOjU2NA==-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMTAwMCAzMDIiIHdpZHRoPSIxMDAwIiBoZWlnaHQ9IjMwMiIgeG1sbnM9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzIwMDAvc3ZnIj48L3N2Zz4=)

  * Real Estate
    * Residential Real Estate
      * New York Residential Real Estate
      * Manhattan Residential Real Estate
    * Commercial Real Estate
      * New York Commercial Real Estate
      * Manhattan Commercial Real Estate
    * Properties
      * Co-Ops
      * Condos
      * Houses
      * Townhomes
    * International Real Estate Transactions
  * Business Law
  * Insurance Litigation
    * Insurance Law
    * Personal Injury
  * About
    * Practice Areas
      * Tech Startups Law
      * International Client Services
      * Information Technology (IT) Law Firm
    * Offices
      * New York City
      * The Hamptons
      * Westchester
      * Queens
      * Brooklyn
      * Long Island
      * Staten Island
      * Bronx
    * Team
    * Press
  * Resources
    * Blog
    * Testimonials
  * Contact

____ Menu

  * Real Estate
    * Residential Real Estate
      * New York Residential Real Estate
      * Manhattan Residential Real Estate
    * Commercial Real Estate
      * New York Commercial Real Estate
      * Manhattan Commercial Real Estate
    * Properties
      * Co-Ops
      * Condos
      * Houses
      * Townhomes
    * International Real Estate Transactions
  * Business Law
  * Insurance Litigation
    * Insurance Law
    * Personal Injury
  * About
    * Practice Areas
      * Tech Startups Law
      * International Client Services
      * Information Technology (IT) Law Firm
    * Offices
      * New York City
      * The Hamptons
      * Westchester
      * Queens
      * Brooklyn
      * Long Island
      * Staten Island
      * Bronx
    * Team
    * Press
  * Resources
    * Blog
    * Testimonials
  * Contact

Call Now (212) 729-4090

## At Avenue Law Firm, Our Priority Is Our Clients.

TOP RATED REAL ESTATE LAW FIRM

## When You Need Us, We Are Here to Help.

Call Now (212) 729-4090

Featured In

![](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=MTA3MDoxNzY=-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMjgwIDEzNiIgd2lkdGg9IjI4MCIgaGVpZ2h0PSIxMzYiIHhtbG5zPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8yMDAwL3N2ZyI+PC9zdmc+)

![](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=MTA3MzoxODQ=-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMTYxIDI4IiB3aWR0aD0iMTYxIiBoZWlnaHQ9IjI4IiB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciPjwvc3ZnPg==)

![](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=MTA3NjoxODQ=-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMTYxIDI4IiB3aWR0aD0iMTYxIiBoZWlnaHQ9IjI4IiB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciPjwvc3ZnPg==)

![](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=MTA3OTozOTM=-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgNjAyIDM5OCIgd2lkdGg9IjYwMiIgaGVpZ2h0PSIzOTgiIHhtbG5zPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8yMDAwL3N2ZyI+PC9zdmc+)

![](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=MTA4Mjo2NzA=-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgNTAgNTAiIHdpZHRoPSI1MCIgaGVpZ2h0PSI1MCIgeG1sbnM9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzIwMDAvc3ZnIj48L3N2Zz4=)

![](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=MTA4NToxODQ=-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMTYxIDI4IiB3aWR0aD0iMTYxIiBoZWlnaHQ9IjI4IiB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciPjwvc3ZnPg==)

![](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=MTA4ODo0MTA=-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgNDY2IDEwOCIgd2lkdGg9IjQ2NiIgaGVpZ2h0PSIxMDgiIHhtbG5zPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8yMDAwL3N2ZyI+PC9zdmc+)

![](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=MTA5MToxODQ=-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMTA4IDI4IiB3aWR0aD0iMTA4IiBoZWlnaHQ9IjI4IiB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciPjwvc3ZnPg==)

![](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=MTE4Njo2NjI=-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMTIwMCA4MDAiIHdpZHRoPSIxMjAwIiBoZWlnaHQ9IjgwMCIgeG1sbnM9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzIwMDAvc3ZnIj48L3N2Zz4=)

# Avenue Law Firm

### Residential Real Estate

Our Real Estate Law Firm Handles Residential Closings in NYC, Long Island
Including Hamptons, Westchester & Upstate NY.

### Co-Ops

The buying and selling processes can be complicated, and many people feel
overwhelmed as they traverse the details of a home closing. This is especially
true for those buying into or selling their share of a Co-Op home. Co-Ops are
a wonderful option for many people, but it can be difficult to navigate the
laws that surround this unique kind of property. If you are considering buying
into a co-op or are ready to sell your portion, it is essential that you have
a real estate attorney working with you.

Learn More

### Condos

The complexities of buying or selling a condominium can be overwhelming. The
Avenue Law Firm specializes in real estate transactions involving condos. We
work hand in hand with our clients to ensure their rights are protected and
the condo closing process is as smooth as possible.

Learn More

### Houses

Are you considering selling or purchasing a home? The Avenue Law Firm stays
updated on current market trends throughout the city as well as the United
States. Our firm is specially trained to handle the full lifecycle of real
estate transactions to ensure our clients receive the best possible options
for purchasing or selling a home.

Learn More

### Townhouses

New York City's iconic townhouses are widely viewed as some of the most
prestigious real estate in New York City. While some townhouses are single
family homes, others can be used both as a primary residence and an investment
property. Either way, purchasing a townhouse in one of the five boroughs comes
with its own set of challenges. Our experienced real estate attorneys are well
versed in representing purchasers and sellers of townhouses and are ready to
assist you with all your legal needs.

Learn More

### Brownstones

New Yorkers are known for their keen eye for and appreciation of architecture.
Historical brownstones have long been an irreplaceable part of the city’s
landscape. In addition to fabled Harlem brownstones, you will find brownstones
available in iconic Brooklyn neighborhoods such as Park Slope, Caroll Gardens
and Brooklyn Heights.

Our real estate attorneys are here to help you purchase a brownstone property
of your own.

### Hamptons

Closing real estate transactions in the the Hamptons is very different from
the rest of New York and required in depth knowledge of local closing
procedures and zoning laws. Our experienced real estate lawyers have closed
numerous deals in the Hamptons and surrounding areas.  Whether you are buying
a new home, a vacation home or a rental/investment property our attorneys can
assist you each step of the way. Contact us today to find out how we can help.

Learn More

### Westchester

Westchester is known as a haven for those who seek peace and beauty just
outside of New York City. The county’s well-kept villages are known for great
schools, safe neighborhoods and a strong community spirit. Our Westchester
real-estate attorneys are here to help you buy your own piece of the suburban
American dream, all within an easy commute to the greatest city in the world.

Learn More

__

__

### Investment Properties

Purchasing an investment property in New York City is a complex process
requiring deep knowledge of real estate and landlord tenant laws, title, and
mortgages. Our commercial real estate attorneys are well versed with handling
all types of commercial real estate closings no matter how large or complex
they are. Call us today to speak with an experienced commercial real estate
attorney about purchasing, selling or renting your  investment property.

### Health Care Properties

Avenue Law Firm's real estate healthcare lawyers counsel clients in real
estate matters specific to the healthcare industry. We are dedicated to
success in every aspect of real estate work including the acquisition and
dispositions of all types of healthcare properties , as well as  medical and
dental office leasing, and financing, including SBA financing.  Additionally
our attorneys handle purchase and sale of healthcare practices, practice buy-
ins, partnership agreements, employment contracts and vendor agreements.

### Multifamily

A multi-family property is worth looking into if your goal is to get into
investing in NYC commercial real estate. Multifamily property refers to
properties like townhouses or apartment buildings where each unit can be
rented separately. It is an excellent way to boost passive revenue, decrease
vacancy rates and improve your net-operating earnings. For more information on
multifamily properties, contact our team of commercial realty attorneys.

### Offices

Avenue Law Firm has been completing major investment and leasing transactions
for all types of assets, including office buildings. Our clients include
tenants, landlords, and investors as well as vendors and buyers.  No deal is
too small and no deal is too large for us. To learn more about buying,
leasing, selling, or renting office properties, contact our experienced real
estate lawyers.

### Mixed Use

Mixed-use buildings are commercial properties that include both residential
and commercial spaces. They often present very unique legal and due diligence
issues.   Talking to an experienced real estate lawyer before buying or
selling a mixed-use commercial property is important. Call Avenue Law Firm
today.

### Commercial Leases

A commercial lease is often more complex than a commercial purchase agreement.
Our team is experienced in representing both tenants and landlords. Having
experience representing both sides and understanding the needs and concerns of
both tenants and landlords, helps us to better negotiate lease terms and
structure lease agreements in a way that is most beneficial to our clients.
With many years of experience working with both tenants and landlords, our
attorneys can help negotiate your lease or sublease   no matter how complex it
is. We can help negotiate leases for any type of commercial or retail spaces
such as restaurants, stores, medical and dental offices, professional
practices, retail, etc. Call us today to learn more about commercial lease
services.

__

__

### Commercial Real Estate

Our Experienced Real Estate Lawyers Handle All Types of Commercial
Transactions.

### Business & Corporate Law

Serving Local & International Businesses.

### Tech Law

Technology and its innovative communities are important to us. Our clients
create products and ideas that make everyday life easier, more interesting,
and better integrated electronically. We focus on helping a diverse range of
businesses and individuals with technology-related legal issues. Avenue Law
Firm's technology attorneys may be able to help you take your company to the
next level. We want to help you realize your vision of technology, whether it
is in its early stages or when the product has been distributed. Contact us to
learn more

### Healthcare Law

Since the creation of our law firm more than a decade ago a big portion of
Avenue Law Firm's practice has been dedicated to representing doctors and
other health care providers. We assist health care professionals with all
types of contracts and agreements, including employment contracts, partnership
agreements, practice buy-ins, vendor contracts, etc. Call us to find out more
information about healthcare businesses.

### Fashion Law

There are many laws that govern the fashion industry. It is therefore
important that you consult with an experienced firm that has experience in all
areas of fashion law. Our fashion law attorneys in NYC can help you whether
you're a designer just starting out, an existing manufacturer, distributor, or
licensee of a brand. Get in touch with us to learn more about what we can do.

### Contracts & Agreements

Dealing with contracts and agreements is inevitable for businesses of any
size. No matter if you are an individual or a corporation, you will need an
NYC lawyer that can help you interpret and negotiate contracts and agreements.
Properly negotiating and drafting  business contracts and agreements  is
essential to ensuring a smooth business transaction or relationship. Call us
today to learn more.

### Purchase & Sale Of Business

A business sale or purchase can be complicated and an experienced attorney can
be invaluable in this matter. While buyers are looking for the most favorable
terms under which to buy a business, the sellers are looking to max out their
profits. Hiring an attorney with many years of experience on both sides of the
transaction can help secure the most favorable terms, while minimizing any
potential liability. Call Avenue law firm today to learn how we can help.

__

__

### Car Accidents

Car accident victims can sustain serious injuries. Broken bones, lacerations,
and concussions and even death are not uncommon as a result of a motor vehicle
accident. You may have the right to file a personal injury lawsuit if you or
your family member were injured in an NYC car accident. Our NYC car accident
attorneys will help you get the maximum compensation you deserve. Call us
today to schedule a consultation.

### Slip and Fall

If you or your loved ones have been injured due to someone else’s negligence
it is important to speak with an experienced slip and fall attorney asap.
Properly collecting and preserving evidence can make a huge difference in your
case. It is equally important to properly file a claim and communicate with
the insurance companies, who will try to use any means to lower or avoid their
liability. To schedule a free consultation with an experienced slip and fall
attorney please call our office today.

### Construction Accidents

New York labor laws mandate that construction companies inspect and enforce
safety procedures at each site. But construction workers face greater risks of
injury or death than those in other industries. Avenue Law Firm’s construction
accident lawyers will fight hard to get you the  full financial recovery you
deserve. Call today for a free consultation with our experienced construction
accident attorney.

### Scooter Accidents

New York City has made scooters a very popular form of transport. Recently,
laws have allowed people to ride electric bikes (e-bikes), on certain streets
and highways. Unfortunately, scooter accidents are also on the rise. If you
were  injured in a New York scooter accident, it is important to seek the help
of an experienced scooter accident lawyer. Our team will defend your rights
both in and out of the court. Call us today to schedule a consultation.

### Hit and Run Accident

Hit-and-run accidents can lead to property damage as well as major injuries
such as brain injury, broken limbs and even death. To ensure you receive the
full compensation you are due, contact an experienced New York hit-and-run
attorney. Avenue Law Firm’s personal injury attorneys have many years of
experience representing victims in  accident cases and know how to achieve
results for our clients. To schedule a consultation with our team, call us
today.

### Property Damage

There are a lot of things to do if your home or business property is damaged
by natural forces or human error. It is important to keep in mind that your
insurance company’s adjuster does not represent you. Their job is to minimize
the exposure for their client - your insurance company. The more claims they
deny, delay or undervalue the more their client benefits. Which is why it is
important for you to have an experienced property damage attorney represent
you with your claim. At Avenue Law Firm, our team of New York property damage
lawyers handles claims on contingency basis - meaning you don’t need to pay us
unless we win. To schedule an appointment with an experienced insurance
attorney, call us today.

__

__

### Insurance Law & Personal Injury

Let Our Lawyers Fight For You.  
Absolutely No Fees Unless We Win.

Additional Practice Areas

Serving Local & International Businesses.

### Business Law

### Insurance Law

### Personal Injury

__

__

0 +

Years Of Combined Legal Experience

$ 0 B+

In Closed Transactions

0 +

Happy Clients

0 +

5 Star Reviews

### Request a Free Consultation

Purchasing or selling real estate is an exciting time for most people. Because
homes represent such a large investment, it is important to have a team of
attorneys on your side to review your contracts, settle disputes, and meet
document deadlines. The real estate markets in Manhattan, Westchester, and
Southampton are competitive, and it is easy to get lost without proper legal
advice. You don’t want to be left in the dark.

Call Now (212) 729-4090

![](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=MTU0NTo1MDU=-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMTAxMSA0ODYiIHdpZHRoPSIxMDExIiBoZWlnaHQ9IjQ4NiIgeG1sbnM9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzIwMDAvc3ZnIj48L3N2Zz4=)

### Locations Served

  * __ New York City
  * __ The Hamptons
  * __ Long Island
  * __ Westchester
  * __ Rockland County
  * __ Putnam County
  * __ Orange County
  * __ Dutches County
  * __ Sullivan County
  * __ Ulster County

View More Services

### Testimonials

__

__

Peter is an absolute professional who takes pride in what he does,
communicates effectively and promptly, and genuinely cares about his clients.
We feel very fortunate to have worked with Petro to close on our apartment in
Manhattan. He led us through the process and has even taken the time to answer
our questions after deal closing. He provides excellent legal services at a
very reasonable price. Highly recommend him and his team.

Marra A

This firm went above and beyond to secure a real estate contract for us. They
were so detail oriented and added beneficial clauses that I did not know
existed. It really left me feeling a strong sense of security with the
contract. I will absolutely be using them again.

George P

Peter Zinkovetsky is my go-to attorney for all my real estate needs! This year
we used his law firm for two real estate transactions (NYC and Hamptons) and
couldn’t be happier. The entire team is extremely responsive, knowledgeable,
and super easy to work with. Look no further!

Igor B.

Excellent service! I had Peter Zinkovetsky for my co-op apartment sale, and
the entire process was easy and smooth. He is knowledgeable, helpful, responds
immediately and his team is great as well. I highly recommend him!

Dmitry S

The firm worked very hard to secure the terms we needed for our fitness
studio. Regardless of the barriers the landlord put in our way they fought him
tooth and nail and now we have an incredible fitness facility thanks to their
uncompromising service!

Fitness Boutique

![](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=MTY5NTo2NDc=-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMTIwMCA4MDAiIHdpZHRoPSIxMjAwIiBoZWlnaHQ9IjgwMCIgeG1sbnM9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzIwMDAvc3ZnIj48L3N2Zz4=)

### Contact Avenue Law Firm

We’ll stick with you every step of the way and work diligently to make sure
your real estate experience is advantageous for you and your family. If any
aspect of your purchase or sale should end up in a courtroom, we will have the
expertise and background to cover your case with ease.

Don’t go into a real estate transaction without an attorney, and don’t choose
an attorney who is stuck in the past. Move forward with your property goals by
choosing Avenue Law Firm. We look to the future and keep your best interests
at heart every step of the process.

### Schedule a Free Consultation

Name

Phone

Email

Location

__

Select Location New York City Hamptons Long Island Westchester

Message

Schedule a Free Consultation

Table of Contents

Toggle

    * At Avenue Law Firm, Our Priority Is Our Clients.
    * When You Need Us, We Are Here to Help.
  * Avenue Law Firm
    *       * Residential Real Estate
      * Co-Ops
      * Condos
      * Houses
      * Townhouses
      * Brownstones
      * Hamptons
      * Westchester
      * Investment Properties
      * Health Care Properties
      * Multifamily
      * Offices
      * Mixed Use
      * Commercial Leases
      * Commercial Real Estate
      * Business & Corporate Law
      * Tech Law
      * Healthcare Law
      * Fashion Law
      * Contracts & Agreements
      * Purchase & Sale Of Business
      * Car Accidents
      * Slip and Fall
      * Construction Accidents
      * Scooter Accidents
      * Hit and Run Accident
      * Property Damage
      * Insurance Law & Personal Injury
      * Business Law
      * Insurance Law
      * Personal Injury
      * Request a Free Consultation
      * Locations Served
      * Testimonials
      * Contact Avenue Law Firm
      * Schedule a Free Consultation 

![](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=MTgyMTo4NjM=-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMzIzMCA5NzYiIHdpZHRoPSIzMjMwIiBoZWlnaHQ9Ijk3NiIgeG1sbnM9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzIwMDAvc3ZnIj48L3N2Zz4=)

Facebook-square __ Instagram __ Linkedin __

![](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=MTg2MDo1NTk=-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMTAwMCAzMDIiIHdpZHRoPSIxMDAwIiBoZWlnaHQ9IjMwMiIgeG1sbnM9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzIwMDAvc3ZnIj48L3N2Zz4=)

Facebook-square __ Instagram __ Linkedin __

Navigation

  * Home
  * About
  * Blog
  * Press
  * Contact

  * Home
  * About
  * Blog
  * Press
  * Contact

Practices

  * Real Estate
  * Residential Real Estate
  * Business Law
  * Insurance Litigation
  * Tech Startups Law
  * International Client Services

  * Real Estate
  * Residential Real Estate
  * Business Law
  * Insurance Litigation
  * Tech Startups Law
  * International Client Services

Properties

  * Condos
  * Co-Ops
  * Houses
  * Townhomes
  * Commercial

  * Condos
  * Co-Ops
  * Houses
  * Townhomes
  * Commercial

Offices

  * __ 99 Park Avenue, 10th Floor, New York, NY 10016
  * __ 400 Garden City Plaza, Ste. 438, Garden City, NY 11530
  * __ 53 Hill Street, Ste 9, Southampton, NY 11968
  * __ 2626 E 14th St, Suite 201 Brooklyn, NY 11235

**Disclaimer:** The information you obtain at this site is not, nor is it
intended to be, legal advice. You should consult an attorney for advice
regarding your individual situation. Contacting us does not create an
attorney-client relationship. Please do not send any confidential information
to us until such time as an attorney-client relationship has been established.
Please be advised that the results achieved in any given case depend upon the
exact facts and circumstances of that case. Avenue Law Firm cannot guarantee a
specific result in any legal matter. Any testimonial or case result listed on
this site is based on an actual legal case and represents the results achieved
in that particular case, and does not constitute a guarantee, warranty or
prediction of the outcome of any other legal matter. Privacy Policy | Terms of
Service.

Copyright © 2023, Avenue Law Firm. All Rights Reserved.

Powered by BSPE Legal Marketing

