Skip to content

![Marc J. Bern & Partners LLP Logo](https://bernllp.com/wp-
content/uploads/mjb-logo.png) ![Marc J. Bern & Partners LLP
Logo](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/mjb-logo-x2.png) ![Marc J. Bern &
Partners LLP Logo](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/mjb-logo.png)

### HAVE YOU BEEN INJURED? Let us help 24/7 >

Call us at 1-800-LAW-5432

Search for:

__MENU

  * Home
  * Practice Areas
    * 9/11 Victim Compensation Fund
    * Boy Scouts of America Abuse Claims
    * Business Interruption
      * Business Interruption Claims – COVID 19
      *  __Close
    * Dangerous Medications
      * Actos Lawsuit
      * Janumet Lawsuit
      * Januvia Lawsuit
      * Pradaxa Lawsuit
      * Zostavax Vaccine (Shingles) Lawsuit
      *  __Close
    * Defective Products
      *         * American Medical Systems (AMS) Surgical Mesh Lawsuit
        * Bard Avaulta Lawsuit
        * Bard G2 IVC Filter Lawsuit
        * Bard Recovery IVC Filter Lawsuit
        * Biomet M2A Magnum Hip Replacement Lawsuit
        * Boston Scientific Pelvic Mesh Lawsuit
        * Coloplast Vaginal Mesh and Bladder Sling Lawsuit
      *         * Cook Surgisis Sling Lawsuit
        * DePuy ASR Hip Lawsuit
        * DePuy Pinnacle Hip Replacement Lawsuit
        * Ethicon Gynecare Transvaginal Mesh Lawsuit
        * Hip Replacement Lawyers
        * Kugel Hernia Mesh Lawsuit
        * Mentor ObTape Lawsuit
      *         * Smith & Nephew Journey Knee Replacement Lawsuit
        * Stryker Rejuvenate Hip Lawsuit
        * Vaginal Mesh Lawsuit
        * Wright Conserve Hip Lawsuit
        * Wright Profemur Hip Lawsuit
        * Zimmer Durom Cup Hip Recall Lawsuit
      *  __Close
    * Diseases, Toxic Torts & Lead
      * Flint Michigan Lead in Water Crisis
      * Carbon Monoxide Lawyers in New York
      * Mesothelioma & Asbestos Lawyers
      *  __Close
    * Employment Law (CA)
      * Wage & Hour Claims
      * Discrimination & Harassment Claims
      * Retaliation Claims
      * PAGA Claims
      *  __Close
    * Environmental Law
    * FELA Railroad Claims
    * Medical Malpractice
      *         * Anesthesia Malpractice Lawyers in New York
        * Birth Injury Lawyers in New York
        * Cancer Misdiagnosis Lawyers
        * Cerebral Palsy Lawyer
        * Erb’s Palsy Lawyers
        * Failure to Diagnose and Misdiagnosis Lawsuits
      *         * Hospital Malpractice Lawyers
        * Medical Negligence Lawsuits
        * Nursing Home Negligence Lawsuits
        * Plastic Surgery Malpractice Lawyers
        * Prescription Error Lawyers
      *  __Close
    * Opioid Crisis
    * Personal Injury
      *         * Auto Accident Lawyers
        * Construction Accidents
        * Dog Bite Lawyers
        * Fire and Explosion Burn Lawyers
        * Motor Vehicle Accident
      *         * Premises Liability Lawyers: Slip & Fall Lawsuit
        * Traumatic Brain Injury Lawyers
        * Truck Accident Lawyers
        * Workers Compensation Lawyers
        * Wrongful Death Lawyers
      *  __Close
    *  __Close
  * Attorneys
    * Marc Jay Bern, Founding Partner
    * Partners
      * Joseph Cappelli, Senior Partner
      * Thomas J. Joyce, Partner
      * Stephen Monroe, Partner
      * Shawn M. Sassaman, Partner
      * James West, Partner
      * Aoife-Roisin Bourke, Partner
      * Shawn A. Ricci, Partner
      *  __Close
    * Attorneys
      * Lilian Avedian
      * Ken Cloyd
      * Margaret E. Cordner
      * Denise A. Dessel
      * Jennifer Hoffman
      * Elizabeth O'Connell
      * Cassidy Page
      * Izabela Poznanski
      * Hanna Shoshany
      * Christian Thompson
      * Frank Voler
      * Hailey Tutton
      * Greg McMahon
      * Rhys Kenney
      * Mollie Wellins
      *  __Close
    * Of Counsel
      * Brian Depew
      * Robert A. Eisenberg
      * Alan R. Zibelman
      * Colleen Miller
      * Joseph “Hilik” Shenkar
      *  __Close
    *  __Close
  * Our Firm
  * Case Results
  * News
    * 'A Tragedy Beyond Belief': Lessons From Aurora for Orlando
    * Acquisition International Launches a Profile of Marc J. Bern & Partners and Founder Marc Jay Bern
    * As Seen In Forbes - Pursuing Justice for All
    * Aspen School District sues several social media corporations
    * Aspen School District sues social media companies over impact on youth mental health
    * Attorneys: Recent opioid rulings justify local lawsuits
    * Beaver County suing opioid painkiller firms, doctors
    * Civil Lawsuit Begins Monday Between 27 Families And Aurora Theater Owner Cinemark
    * Criminal Charges Filed Relating to the Flint Water Crisis
    * Flint Michigan Water Crisis
    * IVC - Failed Blood Clot Filters
    * Lackawanna County Files Opioid Lawsuit
    * Lackawanna county plans lawsuit against pharmaceutical companies
    * Lackawanna County to lead path in suing pharmaceutical companies over opioid crisis
    * Lawsuits Filed Against Merck Alleging Shingles/Zostavax Vaccine is Defective*
    * Lawyer Monthly -- My Legal Life: Marc Bern
    * Local governments join opioid litigation
    * Malpractice Suit Hits Kenyon & Kenyon Over Patent Issue
    * Marc Bern Flint Michigan Water Crisis
    * Marc Bern, lawyer for 9/11 first responders, joins legal battle over TVA and its coal ash
    * Marc J Bern & Partners LLP among 2019 AIOPIA’S 10 Best Law Firm in New York For Client Satisfaction
    * Marc J. Bern & Partners Retained by Lackawanna County to File Civil Action Regarding National Opioid Epidemic
    * Marc J. Bern to speak at the Litigation Counsel of America's Fall Conference & Celebration of Fellows
    * Marc J. Bern to Speak at The Opioid Litigation Conference
    * Marc Jay Bern Alleges Gross Negligence in Aurora Shooting
    * More Than a Decade Later, Health Professionals Still Trying to Understand the Effects of 9/11
    * Recent Study Suggests 9/11 Responders Show Early Signs of Brain-Disease
    * Syngenta Bioengineered Corn
    * Taking the Opioid Crisis to Court
    * The American Museum of Tort Law takes great pleasure in announcing that nationally known trial lawyer Marc J. Bern has become a Founder.
    * Victims of the Aurora Theater Shooting Suing Cinemark
    * Washington County files lawsuit against drug companies
    * Washington, Greene Commissioners Seek Legal Action Against Drug Manufacturers
    * Westmoreland County to sue to recoup millions spent on opioid crisis
    *  __Close
  * Careers
  * Contact Us
  *  __
    *     * __Close
  *  __Free Case Evaluation

  * ![](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/dreamstime_xxl_35778346.jpg)

NATIONALLY RECOGNIZED

The partners at Marc J. Bern & Partners LLP have handled numerous high-profile
cases across the United States and have been part of cases that have resulted
in excess of 3 billion in settlements and awards.

11 Straight Selections

![](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/super-lawyers-logo.png)

DEDICATED TO PROTECTING THE RIGHTS OF OUR CLIENTS

Free Case Consultation

![](https://bernllp.com/wp-
content/uploads/AmericasTOP100Attorneys_150px_Trans.png)

![](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/LOD-300x300.png)

![National Trial Lawyers - Top 100](https://bernllp.com/wp-
content/uploads/NTL-top-100-member-seal.png)

![](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/2021-pia-firm-badge-png.png)

![](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/MTTLA-Top-25.png)

![](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/Med-Mal-Seal-2023-small.png)

  * ![MJB & Partners - New York City Law Firms](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/freedom-tower-2.jpg)

WORLD TRADE CENTER

ZADROGA ACT CLAIMS

Get the Facts

  * ![](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/fela-train.jpg)

If you worked in the railroad industry and developed cancer (even years later)
you may be entitled to compensation under the Federal Employers Liability Act
commonly known as FELA

ATTENTION

RAILROADER CANCER VICTIMS

Learn More

Or Call 1-800-LAW-5432 For A Free Consultation

Please click here to

  * ![](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/Camp-Lejuene-scaled.jpg)

CAMP LEJEUNE

If you lived or worked at Camp Lejeune in North Carolina between 1953 and 1987

WATER CONTAMINATION

you could have been exposed to contaminated water containing toxic chemicals.

These chemicals are linked to cancer and other serious health issues.

  * ![](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/nursingHome3.jpg)

Nursing Home Negligence

Fighting for loved ones who have suffered a serious injury as a result of
negligent care in a nursing home, hospital or long-term care facility.

Fighting for loved ones who have suffered a serious injury  
as a result of negligent care in a nursing home,  
hospital or long-term care facility.

HomeMarc J. Bern & Partners2020-07-01T14:42:06-04:00

#

Coronavirus Update

 _Our offices are open. We will continue to keep you informed of any
operational changes due to the coronavirus._

![New York Lawyers](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/bern-
partners_02-300x279.jpg)

# Law Firm in New York

Welcome to **Marc J. Bern & Partners LLP**. Our attorneys in New York and
throughout the country represent clients in personal injury, medical
malpractice, construction accident, defective product, dangerous medication,
consumer fraud, and product liability cases.

##### **Our Experience, At Your Service**

At Marc J. Bern & Partners LLP, we understand that your legal matter is
critical and we are committed to ensuring that our clients receive the justice
they deserve for their injuries. As your lawyer in New York, we are here to
support you and your family during your difficult time. We have more than 60
years of combined experience, including extensive experience as legal
attorneys and mass tort lawyers in representing our clients while recovering
multi-million dollar record verdicts and settlements.

##### The Right Approach to Your Case

Choosing the right attorney to represent and protect your interests requires a
serious amount of consideration. With experience, professionalism, and the
right approach, we aim to provide the highest level of service and assemble an
experienced team to handle your case.

##### Offering Client-Focused Representation

We have handled numerous high-profile cases across the United States and have
worked on cases that have resulted in over three billion dollars in awards and
settlements. Despite being a large firm, our lawyers in New York City will
always take the time to provide thorough and personal attention to your case.
Marc J. Bern & Partners works closely with each client to determine the best
strategy to achieve the highest levels of success.

##### Tell Us Your Story

Whether you are looking for a law firm in Brooklyn, New York City ( NYC ) or
anywhere in the U.S. for personal injury, medical malpractice, dangerous drug,
or defective product help, we are here to seek compensation for your case. For
additional information and to schedule your Free Consultation with a New York
attorney, please contact our law firm today at 1-800-LAW-5432.

**We have the manpower. We have the experience. Share your story with us
today.**

# Practice Areas

![](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/i-injury.png)

## Personal Injury

Read More

![](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/i-medical.png)

## Medical Malpractice

Read More

![](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/i-medication.png)

## Dangerous Medications

Read More

![](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/i-products.png)

## Defective Products

Read More

![](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/i-disease.png)

## Disease, Toxic Torts & Lead Poisoning

Read More

![Environmental Law](https://bernllp.com/wp-
content/uploads/i-environmental.png)

## Environmental Law

Read More

# Verdicts & Settlements

  * ![](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/br-verdicts-1.jpg)

  * ![](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/br-verdicts-2.jpg)

  * ![](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/br-verdicts-3.jpg)

  * ![](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/br-verdicts-4.jpg)

  * ![](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/br-verdicts-5.jpg)

  * ![](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/br-verdicts-firefighter.jpg)

  * ![](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/br-verdicts-bike.jpg)

# Contact Our Firm

To review a potential case for yourself, a friend or family member,

please request a free case evaluation or call us at 1-800-LAW-5432.

Free Case Evaluation

![Marc J. Bern & Partners LLP – New York Attorney](https://bernllp.com/wp-
content/uploads/mjb-logo.png)

Copyright 2019 **Marc J. Bern & Partners LLP** | All Rights Reserved  
Privacy Policy  | Terms of Use

Prior results do not guarantee a similar outcome. Attorney Advertising.

  * Our Firm
  * Attorneys
  * Case Results
  * News
  * Contact Us
  * Sitemap

Marc J. Bern & Partners LLP

One Grand Central Place, 60 East 42nd Street, Suite 950, New York, NY 10165,
1-800-LAW-5432

Go to Top

