Skip to content

  * Information Center
  * Careers
  * Contact Us

  * About UsShow submenu
    * The Firm
    * Our Process
    * Our Team
  * PracticesShow submenu
    * Employment Litigation
    * Sexual Harassment & Assault
  * News & InsightsShow submenu
    * Overview
    * News & Press
    * Legal Updates & Insights
  * Results

![](https://test-wigdorlaw.pantheonsite.io/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/icon-
phone.svg)212 257 6800

![](https://test-wigdorlaw.pantheonsite.io/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/icon-
letter.svg)contact@wigdorlaw.com

© 2023 Wigdor LLP. All rights reserved.

Search for: × Search Search

Search for: Search

# The Firm

##

Our **experience and success** are unmatched.

![](https://www.wigdorlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/06/GettyImages-142023602-resize-e1686186534819-1024x519.jpg)
![](https://www.wigdorlaw.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/Wigdor_Retouched-
EDIT-e1686185755745-1024x545.jpg) ![](https://www.wigdorlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/06/GettyImages_122071030-EDIT-e1686186683157-1024x553.jpg)

##### OVERVIEW

### Wigdor is widely considered the top employment litigation and sexual
harassment and sexual assault law firm nationwide.

Our employment lawyers represent individuals and groups in matters involving
discrimination, harassment and retaliation, wrongful termination, executive
compensation, employment agreements, restrictive covenants and other
employment-related litigation. We also represent survivors of sexual
harassment and sexual assault.

**Our mission is to fight aggressively for our clients who have experienced
employment discrimination, sexual harassment or sexual assault. **Our
attorneys** advocate tenaciously for our clients in both high profile and
confidential matters.**

With decades of experience, remarkable results and a powerful reputation as a
law firm to listen to, Wigdor gives a voice to those who have suffered and
empowers our clients to achieve their best outcomes. Because many of our
lawyers came from large law firms representing corporations, we have the
perspective on how company-defendants will fight these cases and use this
information successfully to our clients’ advantage.

We are known for our unrivaled trial skills and negotiation capabilities. No
other employment litigation law firm has our courtroom experience and record
of success.

##### CORE VALUES

### Wigdor was founded with the vision of what makes us successful:

  * We are leaders in our field with a **reputation for tenacity**.
  * We are selective and take on cases that will **make an impact**.
  * We honor our clients’ wishes and provide them with **strength and compassion**.
  * We approach each case with **discretion and humanity**.
  * We **fight aggressively** for the best results while representing our clients.
  * No matter the obstacle, we find **innovative ways to obtain the best results** for our clients.

![](https://www.wigdorlaw.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/Artboard-1.png)
![](https://www.wigdorlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/06/Wigdor-8728-EDIT-e1686186817685-1024x540.jpg)
![](https://www.wigdorlaw.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/06/GettyImages-1195526021-edit-1024x578.jpg)

##### GLOBAL IMPACT

### Wigdor has recovered over $1.5 billion for clients to date as we set
precedent and make new law. No other law firm has made such an impression in
the employment field.

Some of our highest profile matters, which have impacted their industries and
beyond include:

  * Race discrimination lawsuit Wigdor filed against the NFL on behalf of former Miami Dolphins coach, Brian Flores and two other coaches, **which sparked a national discussion about racial injustice in the NFL**.
  * Wigdor client Tarale Wulf was one of three women who testified against Harvey Weinstein during his sexual assault trial in New York for which he received 23 years in prison, **the start of the #MeToo movement against sexual harassment and sexual assault**.
  * Blockbuster gender and age discrimination lawsuit Wigdor filed on behalf of five former female news anchors at NY1 in 2019. The suit was recently settled confidentially and served as a platform for renewed public debate about the **prominence of age discrimination against women in broadcast media** , and the need for widespread change.
  * Class-action lawsuit that Wigdor filed against Uber, alleging countless female riders reported rape, sexual assault, and gender-motivated violence from their Uber drivers which launched a **national discourse about the safety of using ride-hailing apps**.
  * Wigdor Law filed several lawsuits alleging a widespread pattern of discrimination and retaliation in Amazon’s corporate offices and warehouses, contributing to the **national discourse about the tech giant’s treatment of employees**.

##### OUR PROCESS

### How we handle matters when you take a legal action with us.

##### **Learn More**

  1. We gather **important documents, items and key considerations** in order to determine if we can represent you. 
  2. What happens next? A **general timeline and explanation** of our representation if we move forward together.
  3. After your case is resolved, **we will still advocate for you** and help you find closure as you move into your next chapter.

## Latest News & Insights

View All

###### Nov 20, 2023

•

###### News & Press

A.M. Lukas Filed a Rape Lawsuit Against Portuguese Actor and DJ, Nuno Lopes

![Ms. Ventura Settles Lawsuit Accusing Sean Combs of Rape and
Abuse](https://www.wigdorlaw.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/P-Diddy-
image-450x300.jpg)

###### Nov 20, 2023

•

###### News & Press

Ms. Ventura Settles Lawsuit Accusing Sean Combs of Rape and Abuse

###### Nov 16, 2023

•

###### News & Press

Sex Trafficking and Assault Lawsuit Filed Against Sean “Diddy” Combs

CONNECT WITH US

SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER

#####  Subscribe

We are a **top-ranked employment litigation, sexual harassment and sexual
assault law firm** with an unmatched record representing survivors.

  * The Firm
  * News & Insights
  * Our Process
  * Results
  * Our Team
  * Information Center
  * Employment Litigation
  * Careers
  * Sexual Harassment & Assault
  * Contact Us

![](https://test-wigdorlaw.pantheonsite.io/wp-
content/uploads/2023/02/Location-Icon.svg)

85 5th Ave  
Floor 5  
New York, NY 10003

![](https://test-wigdorlaw.pantheonsite.io/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/Email-
Icon.svg)contact@wigdorlaw.com

![](https://test-wigdorlaw.pantheonsite.io/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/Phone-
Icon.svg)212 257 6800

CONNECT WITH US

SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER

#####  Subscribe

© 2023 Wigdor LLP. All rights reserved.

Design: Knox Design Strategy

Privacy Policy Disclaimer

