Skip to content

![Marc J. Bern & Partners LLP Logo](https://bernllp.com/wp-
content/uploads/mjb-logo.png) ![Marc J. Bern & Partners LLP
Logo](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/mjb-logo-x2.png) ![Marc J. Bern &
Partners LLP Logo](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/mjb-logo.png)

### HAVE YOU BEEN INJURED? Let us help 24/7 >

Call us at 1-800-LAW-5432

Search for:

__MENU

  * Home
  * Practice Areas
    * 9/11 Victim Compensation Fund
    * Boy Scouts of America Abuse Claims
    * Business Interruption
      * Business Interruption Claims – COVID 19
      *  __Close
    * Dangerous Medications
      * Actos Lawsuit
      * Janumet Lawsuit
      * Januvia Lawsuit
      * Pradaxa Lawsuit
      * Zostavax Vaccine (Shingles) Lawsuit
      *  __Close
    * Defective Products
      *         * American Medical Systems (AMS) Surgical Mesh Lawsuit
        * Bard Avaulta Lawsuit
        * Bard G2 IVC Filter Lawsuit
        * Bard Recovery IVC Filter Lawsuit
        * Biomet M2A Magnum Hip Replacement Lawsuit
        * Boston Scientific Pelvic Mesh Lawsuit
        * Coloplast Vaginal Mesh and Bladder Sling Lawsuit
      *         * Cook Surgisis Sling Lawsuit
        * DePuy ASR Hip Lawsuit
        * DePuy Pinnacle Hip Replacement Lawsuit
        * Ethicon Gynecare Transvaginal Mesh Lawsuit
        * Hip Replacement Lawyers
        * Kugel Hernia Mesh Lawsuit
        * Mentor ObTape Lawsuit
      *         * Smith & Nephew Journey Knee Replacement Lawsuit
        * Stryker Rejuvenate Hip Lawsuit
        * Vaginal Mesh Lawsuit
        * Wright Conserve Hip Lawsuit
        * Wright Profemur Hip Lawsuit
        * Zimmer Durom Cup Hip Recall Lawsuit
      *  __Close
    * Diseases, Toxic Torts & Lead
      * Flint Michigan Lead in Water Crisis
      * Carbon Monoxide Lawyers in New York
      * Mesothelioma & Asbestos Lawyers
      *  __Close
    * Employment Law (CA)
      * Wage & Hour Claims
      * Discrimination & Harassment Claims
      * Retaliation Claims
      * PAGA Claims
      *  __Close
    * Environmental Law
    * FELA Railroad Claims
    * Medical Malpractice
      *         * Anesthesia Malpractice Lawyers in New York
        * Birth Injury Lawyers in New York
        * Cancer Misdiagnosis Lawyers
        * Cerebral Palsy Lawyer
        * Erb’s Palsy Lawyers
        * Failure to Diagnose and Misdiagnosis Lawsuits
      *         * Hospital Malpractice Lawyers
        * Medical Negligence Lawsuits
        * Nursing Home Negligence Lawsuits
        * Plastic Surgery Malpractice Lawyers
        * Prescription Error Lawyers
      *  __Close
    * Opioid Crisis
    * Personal Injury
      *         * Auto Accident Lawyers
        * Construction Accidents
        * Dog Bite Lawyers
        * Fire and Explosion Burn Lawyers
        * Motor Vehicle Accident
      *         * Premises Liability Lawyers: Slip & Fall Lawsuit
        * Traumatic Brain Injury Lawyers
        * Truck Accident Lawyers
        * Workers Compensation Lawyers
        * Wrongful Death Lawyers
      *  __Close
    *  __Close
  * Attorneys
    * Marc Jay Bern, Founding Partner
    * Partners
      * Joseph Cappelli, Senior Partner
      * Thomas J. Joyce, Partner
      * Stephen Monroe, Partner
      * Shawn M. Sassaman, Partner
      * James West, Partner
      * Aoife-Roisin Bourke, Partner
      * Shawn A. Ricci, Partner
      *  __Close
    * Attorneys
      * Lilian Avedian
      * Ken Cloyd
      * Margaret E. Cordner
      * Denise A. Dessel
      * Jennifer Hoffman
      * Elizabeth O'Connell
      * Cassidy Page
      * Izabela Poznanski
      * Hanna Shoshany
      * Christian Thompson
      * Frank Voler
      * Hailey Tutton
      * Greg McMahon
      * Rhys Kenney
      * Mollie Wellins
      *  __Close
    * Of Counsel
      * Brian Depew
      * Robert A. Eisenberg
      * Alan R. Zibelman
      * Colleen Miller
      * Joseph “Hilik” Shenkar
      *  __Close
    *  __Close
  * Our Firm
  * Case Results
  * News
    * 'A Tragedy Beyond Belief': Lessons From Aurora for Orlando
    * Acquisition International Launches a Profile of Marc J. Bern & Partners and Founder Marc Jay Bern
    * As Seen In Forbes - Pursuing Justice for All
    * Aspen School District sues several social media corporations
    * Aspen School District sues social media companies over impact on youth mental health
    * Attorneys: Recent opioid rulings justify local lawsuits
    * Beaver County suing opioid painkiller firms, doctors
    * Civil Lawsuit Begins Monday Between 27 Families And Aurora Theater Owner Cinemark
    * Criminal Charges Filed Relating to the Flint Water Crisis
    * Flint Michigan Water Crisis
    * IVC - Failed Blood Clot Filters
    * Lackawanna County Files Opioid Lawsuit
    * Lackawanna county plans lawsuit against pharmaceutical companies
    * Lackawanna County to lead path in suing pharmaceutical companies over opioid crisis
    * Lawsuits Filed Against Merck Alleging Shingles/Zostavax Vaccine is Defective*
    * Lawyer Monthly -- My Legal Life: Marc Bern
    * Local governments join opioid litigation
    * Malpractice Suit Hits Kenyon & Kenyon Over Patent Issue
    * Marc Bern Flint Michigan Water Crisis
    * Marc Bern, lawyer for 9/11 first responders, joins legal battle over TVA and its coal ash
    * Marc J Bern & Partners LLP among 2019 AIOPIA’S 10 Best Law Firm in New York For Client Satisfaction
    * Marc J. Bern & Partners Retained by Lackawanna County to File Civil Action Regarding National Opioid Epidemic
    * Marc J. Bern to speak at the Litigation Counsel of America's Fall Conference & Celebration of Fellows
    * Marc J. Bern to Speak at The Opioid Litigation Conference
    * Marc Jay Bern Alleges Gross Negligence in Aurora Shooting
    * More Than a Decade Later, Health Professionals Still Trying to Understand the Effects of 9/11
    * Recent Study Suggests 9/11 Responders Show Early Signs of Brain-Disease
    * Syngenta Bioengineered Corn
    * Taking the Opioid Crisis to Court
    * The American Museum of Tort Law takes great pleasure in announcing that nationally known trial lawyer Marc J. Bern has become a Founder.
    * Victims of the Aurora Theater Shooting Suing Cinemark
    * Washington County files lawsuit against drug companies
    * Washington, Greene Commissioners Seek Legal Action Against Drug Manufacturers
    * Westmoreland County to sue to recoup millions spent on opioid crisis
    *  __Close
  * Careers
  * Contact Us
  *  __
    *     * __Close
  *  __Free Case Evaluation

# Attorneys

Home/Attorneys

AttorneysMarc J. Bern & Partners2023-10-03T17:24:41-04:00

# Founding Partner

![Marc Jay Bern](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/marc-bern-hs.jpg)

## Marc Jay Bern

### Founding Partner

Mr. Bern, a nationally-recognized trial attorney, is the Founding Partner of
the firm. In a legal career spanning over 35 years, Mr. Bern has tried more
than 100 cases to jury verdict and has settled hundreds of cases for amounts
in excess of $1,000,000. **Marc is honored to sit on the prestigious Board of
Directors of the New York City Police Museum.**

  * __

1-800-LAW-5432

  *  __

mbern@bernllp.com

  *  __

View Profile

# Partners

![Joseph J. Cappelli](https://bernllp.com/wp-
content/uploads/Cappelli_09-300x251.jpeg)

## Joseph J. Cappelli

### Senior Partner

Mr. Cappelli is a senior partner of the firm and is a nationally recognized
trial attorney with over twenty years of litigation experience. Mr. Cappelli
has successfully litigated and settled hundreds of claims throughout the
United States on behalf of people injured by the negligence of others.

  * __

1-800-LAW-5432

  *  __

jcappelli@bernllp.com

  *  __

View Profile

![Thomas J. Joyce](https://bernllp.com/wp-
content/uploads/thomasjoyce-2017.jpg)

## Thomas J. Joyce

### Partner

Tom Joyce is a trial attorney who has represented railroad workers in cases
brought under the Federal Employers Liability Act for nearly 30 years. Tom has
tried numerous FELA cases to verdict in railroad cases involving personal
injuries, wrongful death, occupational injuries that happen over time,
occupational exposure and occupational cancer. Tom has settled hundreds of
FELA cases on behalf of injured railroad workers. Tom is licensed to practice
law in Pennsylvania and New Jersey and is a past President of the Academy of
Rail Labor Attorneys.

  * __

1-800-LAW-5432

  *  __

tjoyce@bernllp.com

  *  __

View Profile

![Stephen F. Monroe](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/stephen-
monroe-300x250.jpg)

## Stephen Monroe

### Partner

Stephen is licensed to practice law in Illinois. Working out of our Chicago
office, he focuses on representing current and former railroad workers
diagnosed with life-threatening cancers caused by the daily exposure to toxic
chemicals.

  * __

1-800-LAW-5432

  *  __

smonroe@bernllp.com

  *  __

View Profile

![Shawn M. Sassaman](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/shawn-sassaman-
hs.jpg)

## Shawn M. Sassaman

### Partner

Mr. Sassaman concentrates his practice on Federal Employer Liability Act
(FELA) cases involving railroad workers who were injured on the job and who
are seeking just compensation for their injuries. Mr. Sassaman focuses on
cases involving traumatic injuries; repetitive stress injuries that occur over
the course of time; occupational hearing loss and; asbestos exposure.

  * __

1-800-LAW-5432

  *  __

ssassaman@bernllp.com

  *  __

View Profile

![James West Profile Image](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/headshot-
grey-e1617730816861-300x259.png)

## James West

### Partner

James is a trial attorney in the Los Angeles office. He has devoted his career
to standing up for those harmed by the wrongdoing of others. He has helped
numerous clients achieve multi-million dollar results for catastrophic
injuries, wrongful death, and other types of harm. He has brought to task
numerous types of wrongdoers such as drunk and dangerous drivers, school
districts, fitness facilities, cities and municipalities, insurance companies,
hospitals, health care administrations, railroads, and other corporations and
employers. His goal as a lawyer is to show his passion for helping others
through the results he obtains for his clients.

  * __

1-800-LAW-5432

  *  __

jwest@bernllp.com

  * __

View Profile

![Aoife-Roisin Bourke](https://bernllp.com/wp-
content/uploads/Bourke-300x251.jpg)

## Aoife-Roisin Bourke

### Partner

Aoife-Roisin Bourke advocates for victims who suffered physical harm or were
killed because of the terrorist-related aircraft crashes of September 11, 2001
and the subsequent response efforts. She focuses her practice on assisting
members of the 9/11 community bring forward claims under the September 11th
Victim Compensation Fund.

  * __

1-800-LAW-5432

  *  __

abourke@bernllp.com

  *  __

View Profile

![Shawn A. Ricci, Attorney](https://bernllp.com/wp-
content/uploads/ShawnRicci_600x500-300x250.jpg)

## Shawn A. Ricci

### Partner

Shawn concentrates his practice on litigating complex matters, with an
emphasis in railroad and transportation, mass torts, toxic torts, premises
liability and products liability. Shawn also has considerable experience with
first-party insurance coverage issues and insurance bad faith litigation.

  * __

1-800-LAW-5432

  *  __

sricci@bernllp.com

  *  __

View Profile

![Margaret E. Cordner](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/margaret-
cordner-hs.jpg)

## Margaret E. Cordner

### Partner

Margaret Cordner focuses her practice on representing individuals who have
been injured by harmful pharmaceutical drugs and defective medical devices,
working to hold accountable those responsible for corporate wrongdoing and
inadequate product warning, research and testing.

  * __

1-800-LAW-5432

  *  __

mcordner@bernllp.com

  *  __

View Profile

# Attorneys

![Mollie Wellins](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/mollie-
wellins-300x250.jpg)

## Mollie Wellins

### Associate

Mollie Wellins works in mass tort litigation. Her primary focus is advocating
for victims of dangerous pharmaceutical drugs, devices, and biologics. Mollie
received her Bachelor’s Degree from the City College of New York, and her
Juris Doctor from Brooklyn Law School. While in law school, she was an article
editor for the Brooklyn Journal of Corporate, Financial & Commercial Law. She
received CALI awards in the topics of Contracts, Trusts and Estates, Medical
Malpractice and New York Civil Practice. She is admitted to practice in New
York.

  * __

1-800-LAW-5432

  *  __

mwellins@bernllp.com

  *  __

View Profile

![Hailey Tutton](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/Hailey-
Tutton_Headshot_600x500-300x250.jpg)

## Hailey Tutton

### Associate

Hailey Tutton focuses her practice on personal injury cases including FELA
railroad injury claims, product liability, medical malpractice, and toxic
exposures. Prior to joining the firm, Hailey spent time studying how the U.S.
healthcare system and public health system impacts individuals and communities
alike. She has also spent time serving those who have served us by providing
legal services to Veterans and their families.

  * __

1-800-LAW-5432

  *  __

View Profile

![Jennifer Hoffman](https://bernllp.com/wp-
content/uploads/Hoffman_0008_retouched-2-scaled-e1614882283663-300x238.jpg)

## Jennifer Hoffman

### Associate

Jennifer Hoffman is a seasoned trial attorney based in the Philadelphia
office. Jennifer focuses her practice on complex civil litigation involving
Federal Employer Liability Act (FELA) claims, product liability, mass and
toxic torts, and general negligence. Prior to joining Marc J. Bern & Partners
LLP, Jennifer was an Associate at a plaintiff’s personal injury firm and had
previously spent fourteen years as an Assistant District Attorney in
Philadelphia where she prosecuted violent felony crimes. Jennifer has
extensive trial experience and has successfully litigated thousands of cases
throughout her career.

  * __

1-800-LAW-5432

  *  __

View Profile

![headshot coming soon](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/Headshot-Not-
Available-300x251.jpg)

## Frank Voler

### Associate

Frank Voler is a trial attorney in the Philadelphia office concentrating on
mass tort, FELA and personal injury matters. Frank has extensive experience in
litigating personal injury cases, including wrongful death, drunk driver,
commercial trucking, and appellate cases. Frank attended law school at the
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. Frank received his B.S. in
Mechanical Engineering from the United States Naval Academy.

Frank is admitted to practice law in Pennsylvania, Virginia, North Carolina
and South Carolina, the U.S. District Court for Eastern District of
Pennsylvania, the U.S. District Courts for Eastern, Western and Middle
Districts of North Carolina, and the U.S Court of Appeals, Fourth Circuit.

  * __

1-800-LAW-5432

  *  __

View Profile

![](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/Denise-
Headshots-e1618865517272-300x266.png)

## Denise A. Dessel

### Associate

Denise A. Dessel works in mass tort litigation. Her primary focus is
advocating for victims of dangerous pharmaceutical drugs, devices, and
biologics. Denise works in the New York office and is admitted in New York,
New Jersey, Southern District of New York, Eastern District of New York, and
Western District of New York.

Prior to joining the firm, Denise represented plaintiffs in personal injury
litigation and previously worked in medical malpractice defense.

  * __

1-800-LAW-5432

  *  __

View Profile

![](https://bernllp.com/wp-
content/uploads/Iza-1-scaled-e1652986069277-259x300.jpg)

## Izabela Poznanski

### Associate

Izabela Poznanski is an experienced attorney working in the Chicago office,
focusing on representing injured railroad workers under FELA. Prior to joining
Marc J. Bern & Partners, LLP, Izabela represented hundreds of clients in
various personal injury and worker’s compensation matters. She has also
represented individuals successfully at trial.

  * __

1-800-LAW-5432

  *  __

View Profile

![](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/Elizabeth-OConnell-website-
photo-300x300.png)

## Elizabeth O’Connell

### Associate

Elizabeth is an Associate Attorney based in the Philadelphia office. Elizabeth
focuses her practice on complex civil litigation involving Federal Employer
Liability Act (FELA) railroad injury claims.

  * __

1-800-LAW-5432

  *  __

View Profile

![Hanna Shoshany Picture](https://bernllp.com/wp-
content/uploads/headshot-2-1-e1636477303638-300x230.png)

## Hanna Shoshany

### Associate

Hanna Shoshany is an Associate attorney in the New York Office. Hanna’s
primary focus is advocating for victims of dangerous pharmaceutical drugs,
devices, and biologics. Hanna has practiced in both state and federal courts
in both civil and criminal litigation.

  * __

1-800-LAW-5432

  *  __

View Profile

![](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/LA_Pic-235x300.jpg)

## Lilian Avedian

### Associate

Lilian Avedian is an associate in the Los Angeles office. Her practice focuses
on complex civil litigation, including products liability, medical
malpractice, and mass and toxic tort claims.

Prior to joining the firm, Lilian represented plaintiffs in catastrophic
personal injury, wrongful death, and product defect cases. She is admitted to
practice law in California.

  * __

1-800-LAW-5432

  *  __

View Profile

![](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/1633002807293-300x300.jpg)

## Cassidy Page

### Associate

Cassidy Page is an Associate Attorney based in the Philadelphia office.
Cassidy focuses her practice on complex civil litigation involving Federal
Employer Liability Act (FELA) railroad injury claims, product liability
claims, mass and toxic torts, and general negligence. Prior to joining Marc J.
Bern & Partners LLP, Cassidy was an Associate at a plaintiff’s personal injury
firm in Buck’s County, Pennsylvania where she handled catastrophic injury and
wrongful death claims.

  * __

1-800-LAW-5432

  *  __

View Profile

![](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/website-photo-240x300.jpg)

## Martin McLemore

### Associate

Martin McLemore is an Associate Attorney based in the Philadelphia office.
Martin focuses on representing railroad workers under the Federal Employers
Liability Act. Martin received his Juris Doctor from Washington University of
St. Louis in 2019. He earned his Bachelor’s degree in Psychology magna cum
laude from Portland State University in 2015. Prior joining Marc J. Bern &
Partners LLP, Martin served as an Assistant District Attorney for the city of
Philadelphia. Martin is admitted to practice law in Pennsylvania.

  * __

1-800-LAW-5432

  *  __

View Profile

![](https://bernllp.com/wp-
content/uploads/87FE7304-87F7-43BD-9320-97BC186BE99F-200x300.jpeg)

## Christian Thompson

### Associate

Christian received his Bachelors’ degrees in Legal Studies and Sociology from
the University of Miami and earned his Juris Doctorate from John Marshall Law
School. As a law student Christian interned with the Georgia Public Defenders
and the ACLU of Georgia. Prior to joining the firm, Christian worked in
personal injury and civil rights.

  * __

1-800-LAW-5432

  *  __

View Profile

![](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/GMM-Headshot-1-300x200.png)

## Greg McMahon

### Associate

Greg McMahon is a seasoned litigator and trial attorney based in the Chicago
office. Greg focuses his practice on complex civil litigation involving
Federal Employer Liability Act (FELA) claims, mass and toxic torts, and
general negligence.

  * __

1-800-LAW-5432

  *  __

View Profile

![](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/Picture-225x300.jpg)

## Rhys Kenney

### Associate

Rhys Kenney is an Associate in our Los Angeles office. His current practice
focuses on complex civil litigation including medical malpractice, mass tort,
and childhood sexual abuse claims. Prior to joining the firm, he practiced
criminal law for several years in both Southern and Northern California. He
received his B.A. in English Literature from Arizona State University and his
J.D. From LMU, Loyola Law School.

  * __

1-800-LAW-5432

  *  __

View Profile

# Of Counsel

![Brian Depew](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/Brian-
Depew_600x500-300x250.jpg)

## Brian Depew

### Of Counsel

Brian Depew is of counsel to Marc J. Bern & Partners LLP to assist with
medical and scientific issues in mass tort litigation. Brian Depew was a
partner at Engstrom, Lipscomb & Lack where he represented thousands of injured
plaintiffs for 39 years in a wide variety of cases, with a major emphasis on
environmental toxic tort and pharmaceutical litigation.

  * __

1-800-LAW-5432

  *  __

View Profile

![Robert Eisenberg](https://bernllp.com/wp-
content/uploads/Robert_Eisenberg-300x250.jpg)

## Robert A. Eisenberg

### Of Counsel

Robert Eisenberg has more than 25 years of experience in rendering
consultative services in the discovery of Electronically Stored Information
(ESI), Computer Forensics, Electronic Data Preservation and Retention and
eDiscovery in a Cybersecurity Context. Mr. Eisenberg frequently conducts
seminars, webinars, CLE courses and other presentations on the subjects of
eDiscovery, Computer Forensics and Data Security.

  * __

1-800-LAW-5432

  *  __

View Profile

![Alan R. Zibelman](https://bernllp.com/wp-
content/uploads/AlanZibelman_300x250_04.jpg)

## Alan R. Zibelman

### Of Counsel

Alan R. Zibelman is welcomed as "Of Counsel" to the firm. Mr. Zibelman has
litigated hundreds of cases and has successfully tried cases to verdict in
Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Florida. He is actively licensed and has also
appeared in the Appellate and Federal Courts of each of these jurisdictions.

  * __

1-800-LAW-5432

  *  __

View Profile

![Colleen Miller](https://bernllp.com/wp-content/uploads/Colleen_Miller-
Headshot-300x250.jpg)

## Colleen Miller

### Of Counsel

Colleen Miller graduated New York Law School in 2012 and was barred to New
York State in 2013. She has a background in various practices including
asbestos litigation, entertainment and sports law and pharmaceutical
litigation.

  * __

1-800-LAW-5432

  *  __

View Profile

![Joseph “Hilik” Shenkar](https://bernllp.com/wp-
content/uploads/Joseph_Shenkar-300x250.jpg)

## Joseph “Hilik” Shenkar

### Of Counsel

Mr. Shenkar is of counsel for Marc J. Bern & Partners. Mr. Shenkar’s work
primarily addresses the opioid epidemic and fighting for those directly
affected by opioid crisis. Mr. Shenkar previously served as the General
Counsel for the South Carolina Department of Alcohol and Other Drug Abuse
Services and has been heavily involved addressing the opioid epidemic in South
Carolina.

  * __

1-800-LAW-5432

  *  __

View Profile

# Contact Our Firm

To review a potential case for yourself, a friend or family member,

please request a free case evaluation or call us at 1-800-LAW-5432.

Free Case Evaluation

![Marc J. Bern & Partners LLP – New York Attorney](https://bernllp.com/wp-
content/uploads/mjb-logo.png)

Copyright 2019 **Marc J. Bern & Partners LLP** | All Rights Reserved  
Privacy Policy  | Terms of Use

Prior results do not guarantee a similar outcome. Attorney Advertising.

  * Our Firm
  * Attorneys
  * Case Results
  * News
  * Contact Us
  * Sitemap

Marc J. Bern & Partners LLP

One Grand Central Place, 60 East 42nd Street, Suite 950, New York, NY 10165,
1-800-LAW-5432

Go to Top

