Skip to content

![](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=MjMxOjg2Mg==-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMzIzMCA5NzYiIHdpZHRoPSIzMjMwIiBoZWlnaHQ9Ijk3NiIgeG1sbnM9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzIwMDAvc3ZnIj48L3N2Zz4=)

Call Now (212) 729-4090

  * Real Estate
    * Residential Real Estate
      * New York Residential Real Estate
      * Manhattan Residential Real Estate
    * Commercial Real Estate
      * New York Commercial Real Estate
      * Manhattan Commercial Real Estate
    * Properties
      * Co-Ops
      * Condos
      * Houses
      * Townhomes
    * International Real Estate Transactions
  * Business Law
  * Insurance Litigation
    * Insurance Law
    * Personal Injury
  * About
    * Practice Areas
      * Tech Startups Law
      * International Client Services
      * Information Technology (IT) Law Firm
    * Offices
      * New York City
      * The Hamptons
      * Westchester
      * Queens
      * Brooklyn
      * Long Island
      * Staten Island
      * Bronx
    * Team
    * Press
  * Resources
    * Blog
    * Testimonials
  * Contact

____ Menu

  * Real Estate
    * Residential Real Estate
      * New York Residential Real Estate
      * Manhattan Residential Real Estate
    * Commercial Real Estate
      * New York Commercial Real Estate
      * Manhattan Commercial Real Estate
    * Properties
      * Co-Ops
      * Condos
      * Houses
      * Townhomes
    * International Real Estate Transactions
  * Business Law
  * Insurance Litigation
    * Insurance Law
    * Personal Injury
  * About
    * Practice Areas
      * Tech Startups Law
      * International Client Services
      * Information Technology (IT) Law Firm
    * Offices
      * New York City
      * The Hamptons
      * Westchester
      * Queens
      * Brooklyn
      * Long Island
      * Staten Island
      * Bronx
    * Team
    * Press
  * Resources
    * Blog
    * Testimonials
  * Contact

![](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=Mzk5OjU2NA==-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMTAwMCAzMDIiIHdpZHRoPSIxMDAwIiBoZWlnaHQ9IjMwMiIgeG1sbnM9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzIwMDAvc3ZnIj48L3N2Zz4=)

  * Real Estate
    * Residential Real Estate
      * New York Residential Real Estate
      * Manhattan Residential Real Estate
    * Commercial Real Estate
      * New York Commercial Real Estate
      * Manhattan Commercial Real Estate
    * Properties
      * Co-Ops
      * Condos
      * Houses
      * Townhomes
    * International Real Estate Transactions
  * Business Law
  * Insurance Litigation
    * Insurance Law
    * Personal Injury
  * About
    * Practice Areas
      * Tech Startups Law
      * International Client Services
      * Information Technology (IT) Law Firm
    * Offices
      * New York City
      * The Hamptons
      * Westchester
      * Queens
      * Brooklyn
      * Long Island
      * Staten Island
      * Bronx
    * Team
    * Press
  * Resources
    * Blog
    * Testimonials
  * Contact

____ Menu

  * Real Estate
    * Residential Real Estate
      * New York Residential Real Estate
      * Manhattan Residential Real Estate
    * Commercial Real Estate
      * New York Commercial Real Estate
      * Manhattan Commercial Real Estate
    * Properties
      * Co-Ops
      * Condos
      * Houses
      * Townhomes
    * International Real Estate Transactions
  * Business Law
  * Insurance Litigation
    * Insurance Law
    * Personal Injury
  * About
    * Practice Areas
      * Tech Startups Law
      * International Client Services
      * Information Technology (IT) Law Firm
    * Offices
      * New York City
      * The Hamptons
      * Westchester
      * Queens
      * Brooklyn
      * Long Island
      * Staten Island
      * Bronx
    * Team
    * Press
  * Resources
    * Blog
    * Testimonials
  * Contact

Call Now (212) 729-4090

# About

## About Avenue Law Firm, Your Manhattan, Westchester, and Southampton Real
Estate Attorneys

When searching for a home, many people think of hiring only a real estate
agent. While people in this profession can greatly help with your housing
search or sale, they aren’t the only experts you want on your team. The buying
and selling of homes is a serious legal transaction, and it is easy to get
stuck in a bad contract or pay more in a mortgage than you need to.
Additionally, local laws can make real estate transactions complicated, and
agents don’t always know the intricacies of the laws. This is why having a
real estate law firm on your side is a good idea.

## Why Avenue Law Firm?

Though there are many real estate firms to choose from, at Avenue Law Firm, we
do things differently. We pride ourselves on innovation and do everything
within our power to innovate our industry. This is why we serve you entirely
digitally; we believe that technology and forward-thinking are essential to
every modern business, and we use every tool available to give you the best
possible experience. All of our clients receive VIP treatment, and we dedicate
all of the time and resources at our disposal to help you.

Schedule a Free Consultation

Name

Phone

Email

Location

__

Select Location New York City Hamptons Long Island Westchester

Message

Schedule a Free Consultation

0 +

Years Of Combined Legal Experience

$ 0 B+

In Closed Transactions

0 +

Happy Clients

0 +

5 Star Reviews

![](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=Nzg1Ojg0Nw==-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMjUwMCAxNDYwIiB3aWR0aD0iMjUwMCIgaGVpZ2h0PSIxNDYwIiB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciPjwvc3ZnPg==)

## Your Firm For Life

When you work with us at Avenue Law Firm, you can trust that we are in your
life for the long haul. We assist our customers with real estate transactions
from cradle to grave, facilitating property acquisition and sales from
beginning to end. This is one of the most central innovations we incorporate
into our business. We are with you every step of the way and will help you
navigate each and every step of the buying or selling process. We will
continue to prove that you can trust our expertise in real estate law by
walking you through transactions that will benefit your family for generations
to come. We know that property sale and acquisition is a significant purchase,
and we use our cutting-edge business practices to make the process as
advantageous as possible.

### Your Northeast Real Estate Firm

We’ll stick with you every step of the way and work diligently to make sure
your real estate experience is advantageous for you and your family. If any
aspect of your purchase or sale should end up in a courtroom, we will have the
expertise and background to cover your case with ease.

Don’t go into a real estate transaction without an attorney, and don’t choose
an attorney who is stuck in the past. Move forward with your property goals by
choosing Avenue Law Firm. We look to the future and keep your best interests
at heart every step of the process.

![](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=ODIxOjg2Mg==-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMjUwMCAxNTYwIiB3aWR0aD0iMjUwMCIgaGVpZ2h0PSIxNTYwIiB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciPjwvc3ZnPg==)

Request a Free Consultation

Purchasing or selling real estate is an exciting time for most people. Because
homes represent such a large investment, it is important to have a team of
attorneys on your side to review your contracts, settle disputes, and meet
document deadlines. The real estate markets in Manhattan, Westchester, and
Southampton are competitive, and it is easy to get lost without proper legal
advice. You don’t want to be left in the dark.

Call Now (212) 729-4090

Table of Contents

Toggle

  * About
    * About Avenue Law Firm, Your Manhattan, Westchester, and Southampton Real Estate Attorneys 
    * Why Avenue Law Firm?
    * Your Firm For Life
      * Your Northeast Real Estate Firm 

![](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=ODgxOjg2Mw==-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMzIzMCA5NzYiIHdpZHRoPSIzMjMwIiBoZWlnaHQ9Ijk3NiIgeG1sbnM9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzIwMDAvc3ZnIj48L3N2Zz4=)

Facebook-square __ Instagram __ Linkedin __

![](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=OTIwOjU1OQ==-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMTAwMCAzMDIiIHdpZHRoPSIxMDAwIiBoZWlnaHQ9IjMwMiIgeG1sbnM9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzIwMDAvc3ZnIj48L3N2Zz4=)

Facebook-square __ Instagram __ Linkedin __

Navigation

  * Home
  * About
  * Blog
  * Press
  * Contact

  * Home
  * About
  * Blog
  * Press
  * Contact

Practices

  * Real Estate
  * Residential Real Estate
  * Business Law
  * Insurance Litigation
  * Tech Startups Law
  * International Client Services

  * Real Estate
  * Residential Real Estate
  * Business Law
  * Insurance Litigation
  * Tech Startups Law
  * International Client Services

Properties

  * Condos
  * Co-Ops
  * Houses
  * Townhomes
  * Commercial

  * Condos
  * Co-Ops
  * Houses
  * Townhomes
  * Commercial

Offices

  * __ 99 Park Avenue, 10th Floor, New York, NY 10016
  * __ 400 Garden City Plaza, Ste. 438, Garden City, NY 11530
  * __ 53 Hill Street, Ste 9, Southampton, NY 11968
  * __ 2626 E 14th St, Suite 201 Brooklyn, NY 11235

**Disclaimer:** The information you obtain at this site is not, nor is it
intended to be, legal advice. You should consult an attorney for advice
regarding your individual situation. Contacting us does not create an
attorney-client relationship. Please do not send any confidential information
to us until such time as an attorney-client relationship has been established.
Please be advised that the results achieved in any given case depend upon the
exact facts and circumstances of that case. Avenue Law Firm cannot guarantee a
specific result in any legal matter. Any testimonial or case result listed on
this site is based on an actual legal case and represents the results achieved
in that particular case, and does not constitute a guarantee, warranty or
prediction of the outcome of any other legal matter. Privacy Policy | Terms of
Service.

Copyright © 2023, Avenue Law Firm. All Rights Reserved.

Powered by BSPE Legal Marketing

