Skip to content

![](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=MjMxOjg2Mg==-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMzIzMCA5NzYiIHdpZHRoPSIzMjMwIiBoZWlnaHQ9Ijk3NiIgeG1sbnM9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzIwMDAvc3ZnIj48L3N2Zz4=)

Call Now (212) 729-4090

  * Real Estate
    * Residential Real Estate
      * New York Residential Real Estate
      * Manhattan Residential Real Estate
    * Commercial Real Estate
      * New York Commercial Real Estate
      * Manhattan Commercial Real Estate
    * Properties
      * Co-Ops
      * Condos
      * Houses
      * Townhomes
    * International Real Estate Transactions
  * Business Law
  * Insurance Litigation
    * Insurance Law
    * Personal Injury
  * About
    * Practice Areas
      * Tech Startups Law
      * International Client Services
      * Information Technology (IT) Law Firm
    * Offices
      * New York City
      * The Hamptons
      * Westchester
      * Queens
      * Brooklyn
      * Long Island
      * Staten Island
      * Bronx
    * Team
    * Press
  * Resources
    * Blog
    * Testimonials
  * Contact

____ Menu

  * Real Estate
    * Residential Real Estate
      * New York Residential Real Estate
      * Manhattan Residential Real Estate
    * Commercial Real Estate
      * New York Commercial Real Estate
      * Manhattan Commercial Real Estate
    * Properties
      * Co-Ops
      * Condos
      * Houses
      * Townhomes
    * International Real Estate Transactions
  * Business Law
  * Insurance Litigation
    * Insurance Law
    * Personal Injury
  * About
    * Practice Areas
      * Tech Startups Law
      * International Client Services
      * Information Technology (IT) Law Firm
    * Offices
      * New York City
      * The Hamptons
      * Westchester
      * Queens
      * Brooklyn
      * Long Island
      * Staten Island
      * Bronx
    * Team
    * Press
  * Resources
    * Blog
    * Testimonials
  * Contact

![](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=Mzk5OjU2NA==-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMTAwMCAzMDIiIHdpZHRoPSIxMDAwIiBoZWlnaHQ9IjMwMiIgeG1sbnM9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzIwMDAvc3ZnIj48L3N2Zz4=)

  * Real Estate
    * Residential Real Estate
      * New York Residential Real Estate
      * Manhattan Residential Real Estate
    * Commercial Real Estate
      * New York Commercial Real Estate
      * Manhattan Commercial Real Estate
    * Properties
      * Co-Ops
      * Condos
      * Houses
      * Townhomes
    * International Real Estate Transactions
  * Business Law
  * Insurance Litigation
    * Insurance Law
    * Personal Injury
  * About
    * Practice Areas
      * Tech Startups Law
      * International Client Services
      * Information Technology (IT) Law Firm
    * Offices
      * New York City
      * The Hamptons
      * Westchester
      * Queens
      * Brooklyn
      * Long Island
      * Staten Island
      * Bronx
    * Team
    * Press
  * Resources
    * Blog
    * Testimonials
  * Contact

____ Menu

  * Real Estate
    * Residential Real Estate
      * New York Residential Real Estate
      * Manhattan Residential Real Estate
    * Commercial Real Estate
      * New York Commercial Real Estate
      * Manhattan Commercial Real Estate
    * Properties
      * Co-Ops
      * Condos
      * Houses
      * Townhomes
    * International Real Estate Transactions
  * Business Law
  * Insurance Litigation
    * Insurance Law
    * Personal Injury
  * About
    * Practice Areas
      * Tech Startups Law
      * International Client Services
      * Information Technology (IT) Law Firm
    * Offices
      * New York City
      * The Hamptons
      * Westchester
      * Queens
      * Brooklyn
      * Long Island
      * Staten Island
      * Bronx
    * Team
    * Press
  * Resources
    * Blog
    * Testimonials
  * Contact

Call Now (212) 729-4090

# Team

When You Need Us, We Are Here to Help.

## Peter Zinkovetsky, Esq.

Managing Partner

Peter Zinkovetsky is the founder of Avenue Law Firm.  He is an experienced and
highly rated New York attorney who represents local and international clients.
Peter has been named a Rising Star by Super Lawyers Magazine for eight years
in a row.  Rising Star Award is given to less than 2.5 percent of attorneys in
New York State.  New York Real Estate Journal included Peter Zinkovetsky in
their 2018 Ones To Watch List and Avvo awarded him 10/10, the highest rating
available.

Peter teaches continuing education courses, writes a legal blog, has written
articles for the New York Real Estate Journal, and is often invited to
participate and present at conferences in the US and worldwide.

Peter is often interviewed by the press and has been featured in a number of
publications including Forbes, NY Post, The Real Deal, NY Observer, Newsweek,
NY Real Estate Journal, and many others.

Peter holds a Juris Doctor Degree from New York Law School; a Bachelor of
Business Administration Degree in Finance from Pace University; and is a
graduate of the United Nations International School.

Peter’s focuses his practice on real estate transactions and property and
business insurance.

http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:xlink=" http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink"
y="0px">10.0Petro Avenue

http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:xlink=" http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink"
y="0px">Petro AvenueClients' ChoiceAward 2017

http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" xmlns:xlink=" http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink"
y="0px">Petro AvenueReviewsout of 9 reviews

![Best Real Estate Attorneys in New York City](data:image/gif;nitro-empty-
id=NjQxOjQyNQ==-1;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)

![](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=NjUzOjEwNzY=-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMjU2MCAyNTYwIiB3aWR0aD0iMjU2MCIgaGVpZ2h0PSIyNTYwIiB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciPjwvc3ZnPg==)

### Bar Admission

  * New York, 2011
  * US District Court Southern
  * Eastern Districts of NY.

### Languages Spoken

  * English
  * Russian
  * Ukrainian

![](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=NjkzOjEwNjU=-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMjU2MCAyNTYwIiB3aWR0aD0iMjU2MCIgaGVpZ2h0PSIyNTYwIiB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciPjwvc3ZnPg==)

## Anna Boudakova, Esq.

Senior Associate

Anna Boudakova, Esq is a Senior Associate at Avenue Law Firm and manages the
firm’s residential real estate department. She represents clients with
purchase and sale of all types of properties including coops, condos,
townhouses, houses and new developments. Anna has over 15 years of experience,
having started as a paralegal in a real estate law firm in 2005, where she
quickly acquired passion for law and legal work. She went on to pursue a legal
career after graduating Cum Laude from Touro College Jacob D. Fuchsberg Law
Center in 2011. Prior to joining Avenue Law Firm, Anna has worked as an
attorney for the New York City Law Department and as a principal attorney at
her own law practice.

Whether you are buying, selling or refinancing your home, utilizing her
interpersonal and language skills, her ambitious nature, as well as her
knowledge and experience, Anna will help you through the various phases of the
process, and bring the deal to a closing.

### Bar Admission

  * New York, 2012

### Languages Spoken

  * English
  * Russian

## Carla González, JD

Office Manager

Carla moved from Puerto Rico to New York in 2019. Prior to joining Avenue Law
Firm as a Senior Paralegal, she worked for a civil litigation law firm as an
Office Manager/Paralegal. She supervised all the paralegals, managed the
attorneys’ workload, and worked hand in hand with the attorneys in order to
develop new litigation strategies.

Prior to moving to New York, Carla worked for a local company in Puerto Rico
contracted by the United States Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) and FEMA for
the debris cleanup after Hurricane Maria. She worked at their headquarters and
oversaw the admin employees, the payroll, helped draft contracts for
subcontractors and analyzed the raw data that came in of all the debris hauled
to prepare the invoices to the USACE.

Carla has a bachelor’s degree in pre-med from the University of Puerto Rico,
Rio Piedras Campus and a Juris Doctor from the University of Puerto Rico,
School of Law. During law school, she worked as a law clerk for a Superior
Judge and was a member of the Litigation League for which she won multiple
awards. She plans to get admitted to New York in 2022.

In her free time, she likes to bake macarons and take her two rescue dogs
(Timon & Pumba) on long walks in Central Park.

![](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=NzY4OjEwNzY=-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMjU2MCAyNTYwIiB3aWR0aD0iMjU2MCIgaGVpZ2h0PSIyNTYwIiB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciPjwvc3ZnPg==)

### Bar Admission

  * Puerto Rico, 2017

### Languages Spoken

  * English
  * Spanish

![](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=ODA4OjQzOQ==-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgNDQ3IDU1OSIgd2lkdGg9IjQ0NyIgaGVpZ2h0PSI1NTkiIHhtbG5zPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8yMDAwL3N2ZyI+PC9zdmc+)

## Anna Rovenskaya, Esq.

Senior Associate

Anna Rovenskaya, Esq. is a Senior Associate at Avenue Law Firm. Anna has been
representing clients in purchases and sales of residential houses, condos,
coops and townhouses for nearly 15 years. Prior to joining the firm Anna
worked at one of the largest real estate law firms on Long Island. Anna
graduated with a JD Degree from New York Law School in 2006 and with a
Bachelor of Science of Finance Degree from Binghamton University.

In her free time, Anna enjoys spending time with her family, exploring New
York and surrounding areas and the outdoors.

### Bar Admission

  * New York, 2008

### Languages Spoken

  * English
  * Russian
  * Ukrainian

## Komal Bhargava, Esq.

Of Counsel

Komal Bhargava is Of Counsel at Avenue Law Firm and focuses her practice on
real estate transactions, including acquisitions, leases, sales and financing.
She represents commercial and residential buyers and sellers, lenders and
developers in all aspects of real estate transactions.

Komal is native in both English and Hindi and is a member of the South Asian
Bar Association of New York.

Ms. Bhargava has been admitted to practice in New York since 2008 and has been
one of the leading real estate attorneys at Avenue Law Firm since joining us
in 2017.

For the last four years in a row Komal was selected as a Rising Star by Super
Lawyers Magazine. Less than 2.5 percent of attorneys in New York State are
named to the Rising Stars list.

![](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=ODgwOjYyMg==-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMTA2MiAxMzI4IiB3aWR0aD0iMTA2MiIgaGVpZ2h0PSIxMzI4IiB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciPjwvc3ZnPg==)

### Bar Admission

  * New York, 2008

### Languages Spoken

  * English
  * Hindi

![](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=OTIwOjYzNg==-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgODAwIDgwMCIgd2lkdGg9IjgwMCIgaGVpZ2h0PSI4MDAiIHhtbG5zPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8yMDAwL3N2ZyI+PC9zdmc+)

## Marianna Shafir, Esq.

Senior Associate

Marianna Shafir is a Senior Associate at Avenue Law Firm, focusing on real
estate transactions in New York and New Jersey. Before becoming a part of
Avenue Law Firm, Marianna gained valuable experience working at BNY Mellon,
Invesco, and Smarsh. In addition to her corporate background, Marianna has
served as an adjunct professor at New York Career Institute, where she taught
Real Estate Law and Law Office Management courses. Marianna holds a Juris
Doctorate from Nova Southeastern University. She is a frequent speaker at
industry conferences and a contributor to various online publications.

### Bar Admission

  * New Jersey, 2010
  * New York, 2011

### Languages Spoken

  * English

## Zvi Raskin, Esq.

Corporate Law and IP

Zvi is a seasoned corporate counsel with nearly 30 years of broad-based legal
experience, including over 20 years as General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
of public and private tech and manufacturing companies, directing company
legal affairs.

In those capacities, Zvi handled all facets of legal strategy and has
significant subject matter expertise in a wide array of legal matters,
including contract negotiation and drafting, litigation, corporate governance,
SEC filings, stock transfers, equity financing, IPOs, ESOP plans, SOX
compliance, mergers & acquisitions, corp. financing, FDA clearance, HR, and
managing legal departments and external counsel.

 **Zvi received his law degree (J.D.) from Yale Law School in 1987.**

![](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=OTkyOjQyNA==-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgNTU5IDY5OSIgd2lkdGg9IjU1OSIgaGVpZ2h0PSI2OTkiIHhtbG5zPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8yMDAwL3N2ZyI+PC9zdmc+)

![](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=MTAwNDo0NDU=-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgNTAzIDYyOSIgd2lkdGg9IjUwMyIgaGVpZ2h0PSI2MjkiIHhtbG5zPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8yMDAwL3N2ZyI+PC9zdmc+)

## Stanley Chovnick, Esq.

Banking Department

Stanley Chovnick, Esq has over 40 years of legal experience and works at
Avenue Law Firm’s Banking Department which represents lenders in all types of
real estate transactions.

Table of Contents

Toggle

  * Team
    * Peter Zinkovetsky, Esq.
      * Bar Admission
      * Languages Spoken
    * Anna Boudakova, Esq.
      * Bar Admission
      * Languages Spoken
    * Carla González, JD
      * Bar Admission
      * Languages Spoken
    * Anna Rovenskaya, Esq.
      * Bar Admission
      * Languages Spoken
    * Komal Bhargava, Esq.
      * Bar Admission
      * Languages Spoken
    * Marianna Shafir, Esq.
      * Bar Admission
      * Languages Spoken
    * Zvi Raskin, Esq.
    * Stanley Chovnick, Esq.

![](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=MTA1Mzo4NjM=-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMzIzMCA5NzYiIHdpZHRoPSIzMjMwIiBoZWlnaHQ9Ijk3NiIgeG1sbnM9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzIwMDAvc3ZnIj48L3N2Zz4=)

Facebook-square __ Instagram __ Linkedin __

![](data:image/svg+xml;nitro-empty-
id=MTA5Mjo1NTk=-1;base64,PHN2ZyB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMTAwMCAzMDIiIHdpZHRoPSIxMDAwIiBoZWlnaHQ9IjMwMiIgeG1sbnM9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzIwMDAvc3ZnIj48L3N2Zz4=)

Facebook-square __ Instagram __ Linkedin __

Navigation

  * Home
  * About
  * Blog
  * Press
  * Contact

  * Home
  * About
  * Blog
  * Press
  * Contact

Practices

  * Real Estate
  * Residential Real Estate
  * Business Law
  * Insurance Litigation
  * Tech Startups Law
  * International Client Services

  * Real Estate
  * Residential Real Estate
  * Business Law
  * Insurance Litigation
  * Tech Startups Law
  * International Client Services

Properties

  * Condos
  * Co-Ops
  * Houses
  * Townhomes
  * Commercial

  * Condos
  * Co-Ops
  * Houses
  * Townhomes
  * Commercial

Offices

  * __ 99 Park Avenue, 10th Floor, New York, NY 10016
  * __ 400 Garden City Plaza, Ste. 438, Garden City, NY 11530
  * __ 53 Hill Street, Ste 9, Southampton, NY 11968
  * __ 2626 E 14th St, Suite 201 Brooklyn, NY 11235

**Disclaimer:** The information you obtain at this site is not, nor is it
intended to be, legal advice. You should consult an attorney for advice
regarding your individual situation. Contacting us does not create an
attorney-client relationship. Please do not send any confidential information
to us until such time as an attorney-client relationship has been established.
Please be advised that the results achieved in any given case depend upon the
exact facts and circumstances of that case. Avenue Law Firm cannot guarantee a
specific result in any legal matter. Any testimonial or case result listed on
this site is based on an actual legal case and represents the results achieved
in that particular case, and does not constitute a guarantee, warranty or
prediction of the outcome of any other legal matter. Privacy Policy | Terms of
Service.

Copyright © 2023, Avenue Law Firm. All Rights Reserved.

Powered by BSPE Legal Marketing

